What should I save this contact as in my phon 😊 ?
Victoria :-) 
You have a kitty in one of your pictures, is it yours?
yes ! 
And what’s that kitty cat’s name, if I can ask?
not sure I have two!
￼
Yin and tang 
Well I love cats.
They r evil but the best 
Perfect description
Do u have any 
No, not right now. I’m living at an airBnB while I look for an apartment.
oh how’s the search !! 
To be honest, exhausting. I’m the kind of guy who just doesn’t care about much except location, but I also know it has to be nice, just for appearances. I need someone who can tell me what looks nice though. Just not a skillset I have
So I gotta ask is Tang, a play off of Yang
Oh also, my name is Dusty. Well it’s Dustin, but nobody’s called me that for many years.
Loved “So I gotta ask is Tang, a play off of Yang”
decorating is the best part :,) but I hope u find it soon!! So u can get all cozy 
and yes it is 
That’s clever, I love it.
Yeah I can’t wait to get moved in somewhere mostly because I miss having an animal companion.
My last cat had three legs, and ruled the apartment with an iron fist.
Loved “Yeah I can’t wait to get moved in somewhere mostly because I miss having an animal companion.”
these r my first cats ever !!! 
also .. what was his name 🥺
Her name was Kamala. She was scared of new people, and mean to a few she was close to, but she loved me to death.
♥️♥️ legend 
You have a busy day today?
I have to go to work :( 
Bummer, I for sure have to put in a few hours myself
But it’s Friday so I can probably get away from having a real full day.
I don’t know how discrete you want to be, so don’t let me ask something you’re uncomfortable with, but may I ask your job?
I work at biscuit love in the gulch 
The Gulch is a nice area.
I looked at some condos there.
I wish I could live there 🥺
I have been looking it East Nashville mostly, but I wouldn’t mind The Gulch
I imagine it’s not so hard to get to Downtown from here
there*
lol if u go by the Patagonia store at any time spinner
Soon 
Check and see if my red convertible bug is getting towed 
Lol, I think I’m stuck in the house today, for a little while
So you’ve told me your place of work, where your car is parked, and I have your number. Do you give that info out to everybody, I am genuinely worried for your safety.
Men are the worst.
No I don’t 
Lol, I’m just that great 😊
Sorry I’m at work:) just waiting for the day to b over
No worries 😊
I hope your shift is going well. I just got a new project at my day job, so that’s cool I guess. I work as an Software/Sytems Engineer for my day job, but I also work for myself selling access to a service I created that will try and predict the future on things like, what will sell out at stores.
Loved “I hope your shift is going well. I just got a new project at my day job, so that’s cool I guess. I work as an Software/Sytems Engineer for my day job, but I also work for myself selling access to a service I created that will try and predict the future on things like, what will sell out at stores.”
oh that’s nice 
I need to invent something 
My days almost over 
The thing with inventions, ideas are practically worthless, it’s the execution that matters.
you’re not wrong 
How’s your day been 
I put some positive music on and it certainly carried me through the day. Sometimes I can get depressed, but that for sure didn’t happen today.
Were many Biscuits Loved today?
Loved “I put some positive music on and it certainly carried me through the day. Sometimes I can get depressed, but that for sure didn’t happen today.”
so many biscuits 
All the bicuits.
You going out tonight?
Wasn’t planning on it
Yeah, I hurt my leg the other day  and am walking with a limp, I might stay in myself. Recovery day, I guess 😊.
What kind of place would you like to go to, for dinner and drinks if you were?
how’d u hurt yourself ? 
Also I like Vietnamese food ! 
and all food honestly 
and also not 21 but I love dinner everywhere 
This is going to sound stupid, but i sat wrong for to long, so I sat with my legs crossed for like 8 hours, and I knew i was in pain but I was devoted to coding so I was lost in thought. I pinched a nerve or something.
Oh shit that doesn’t sound fun 
I’m almmmmost done at work
Yeah, it just seems stupid now
The hurting myself sitting
If someone took you shopping, with a 500 dollar limit, and a 10 minute time limit, what would you try and get first?
Hmm idk 
Everything 
Lol, good answer
I’m stressed 
Well what would help
I was supposed to get my headlights fixed but my pet deposit came out of my account 
Now I’m short and my parents keep asking me abt it 
￼
How much was your pet deposit?
So much lol 
200 for each cat ... they didn’t make me pay it when I moved in but told me it would come out of my Acct and I forgot 😭
they r babies they shouldn’t need a fee 
￼
Yin and Tang, lol
Yes
What’re u up to
I just got back from the bathroom which was a nightmare because of my leg
ahhh no 
￼I’m being crafty I just cut these
Your just determined to get me all out of sorts
I’m overhear trying to be a gentleman...
overhere*
So what exactly do you want, and what exactly are you offering, or were you really just showing me your craft ability. Cause if that’s the case I apologize. They are cool .
I was really showing u my crafting skills :p I was proud 
Oh, well I’m sorry I had shitty dude brain. It’s getting to that point in the night, were my heads in the gutter, and you’re very attractive. You should be proud though. They’re very cool.
it’s okay all dude brains r mush 
True facts
I moved onto painting :-) I’m feeling the creativity 
What type of surface are you painting on, canvas?
Yes 
So you want to take a picture of your painting for me, so I can live vicariously through you
￼
Awesome
It’s gonna get good don’t worry
You go to sleep or am I going to get to see a finished product?
Currently panicking bc my cat was humping my other cat 
Oh no
How are the cats? How is the painting? Did you have to work today?
Wonderful
Hi 
Howdy
How’s ur day
Pretty good, sorry for not responding, I had a monster of the week game from1 until 7
6
Hey
Howdy
What’s up 
Not shit
me too I’m sleepy as fuck 
I just ordered a case of beer , that’s my current lazy level
I’m abt to shower 
I want to eat cereal but I guess I’ll wait 
I dyed my hair black 
Sweet
￼
Rlly sleepy 
Really gorgeous more like
You radiate beauty and glamor
🥺
￼
I love tang. I would marry tang If I could. 😜
Wow he’s in heat u can have him 
He’s mine then
How’s ur day 
I’m at work
Resting today my legs not healing, going to have to get it checked out I guess
If u need a ride lmk 
What’s going on with you Tuesday?
I have a doctors app at 1 and then seeing my grandma 
Cool cool
￼
Loved an image
I’m supposed to go to the car place Tuesday I haven’t told my parents I don’t have the money I’m panic
And you needed how much for all that ?
400?
yes :/ 
Why you so expensive? You worth it or something?
So what’s going on with you tomorrow?
I just need my headlight to not go off when I hit a bump 
I work 8-5 
Welllllll...hit me up after work tomorrow, if I don’t have to work beyond normal working hours maybe we can meet up for dinner or something and I can help you out
okie :-) 
Also 400 for a light what the fuck do you drive, a goddamn Porsche 
When I was your age I drove a 1987 grand marquis, and when I replaced the lights they were 10 dollars a piece
/old man rant over
I do love the hair by the way
I have a Volkswagen 
No the connection is short 
Within the lights 
You don’t ever have to justify anything to me, I was just being silly.
Also side note, the Volkswagen group owns Porsche
Oh well shit 
Hi 
Hello
How’s your day been 
Stupid
:(
Someone broke a bunch of stuff at work, I’m going to have to stay and fix it.
ew the fuck
My legs still all fucked up, so I’m limping around the datacenter looking like a modern day Igor.
:( u need to go get them looked at
Yeah
sorry ur having a bad day
I’ll Iive, how was your day?
It was long :( 
I hate that for you
also haven’t told my parents abt tomorrow LOL
they r going to b so mad at me 
￼
I’m short and not very pretty. I don’t want you to agree to anything you wouldn’t be comfortable with, and you haven’t met me, I’m kinda a troll.
haha why would u say that 
But if you had an allowance in mind we could talk about how much that is, and I could probably send the 400 tomorrow morning as part of the allowance, if you wanted.
My main account the card was stolen so I don’t have access right now and my second account is drained but I should get a bonus check, in the morning, that’s why the morning
Loved “But if you had an allowance in mind we could talk about how much that is, and I could probably send the 400 tomorrow morning as part of the allowance, if you wanted.”
Oh I see .. u should show me 
What my ugly face?
I got like adult acne last month, it’s gross.
Yes :( but also if u did that that would help me greatly 
Alright I’ll take a pic, One sec
okie 
￼
Ugh gross I haven’t shaved in a while
not gross I likw your glasses 
Well, what do you think you want a month, for an allowance? I was thinking I’d like to see you at least once a week. 
And thank you, there my favorite pair.
They’re*
once a week is fine w me and hmm 
Have u ever been a Sd before ? 
Idk what an ideal allowance would b 
Nope
dam idk what would b practical
Do you want to come up with something, and then in 4 weeks or so if you aren’t happy we can renogtiate?
yes I’m going to ask my friend how much her gives her lol 
Sounds good
Sorry if I handled this poorly
well dam she gets it monthly 
Yeah, I think that’s pretty standard
What would u b comfortable w 
800 was my first thought
a month ?
Yeah, if that’s to low suggest higher
I was just thinking straight up 1k 
Solid done
My friends gives her 1500 but he moved it up after a year 
Let’s do 1k this month, I’ll send 400 tomorrow, 600 at our first in person meet then on 16th of January we can renogtiate if you want more
okay perfect. U should give me 600 tmrw if you can so I can have a little in my account as a cushion
Will do 😁
and we can meet this week if you’d like 
Sounds good
and you promise you can get it to me in the am? If so then I won’t have to cancel on my parents !!!! 
I can’t really promise, because it depends on a check transfer, but it should be there. I’ll know for sure before 7am. Do you have cash.app or something?
I may actually get it at midnight, I’ll let you know if that happens.
I do have Cashapp 
Okie ♥️
Sweet
I’m happy, yay
You turned a shitty day around 😀
if you can help me out I’ll b so happy 
￼
Rawr
You’re beautiful 
hehe thank u
I also wanted to say I’ll never intentionally ask you to do anything your uncomfortable with and if I do tell me, and I’ll back off
Remember we’re a team not adversaries so if you need something we can work on it together
I’m supposed to go workout but don’t wanna 
Loved “I also wanted to say I’ll never intentionally ask you to do anything your uncomfortable with and if I do tell me, and I’ll back off”
you’re really sweet♥️
I think we’ve both made a good choice tonight.
Me too!
Loved “you’re really sweet♥️”
Hey 
Heya
What’re u up to
Watching Bones, on Hulu 
dam lemme use ur Hulu hehe 
Lol I’m at a friends house but if you want Hulu that’s fine
I had Hulu but then my cards switched and it canceled and I never got it back 
What are you up to?
I went and worked out and now I’ve just been laying in my bed 
￼
I love your paintings
I fell asleep :)
Hi good morning 
Morning, won’t know for a little while, give it about 30, 40 minutes
Send me your cash app act name
And I better get a picture with you smiling today
Okay :) $toristoner1
Happy?
￼
Loved an image
now my parents won’t kill me ! 
 A huge weight lifted off my shoulders 
I’m glad I could help
I’m going to try to get a lil more sleep before I have a long day! 
Good Night, sorry you had to wake up so early, text me when you aren’t so busy, it’ll make my day
￼here’s a cute lil pic for you ♥️ goodnight 
Oh my, Thank you!
hehe im glad u like 
I have to get up 😭😭
I know it’s the worst
I went to target before work
Exhausting 
Ooo I love target 
Liked “Ooo I love target ”
I’m fucked it’s 200 more than they said :( 
Just bc they LOOKED at the car 
I can send you 200 more if you want....but that comes out of the other 400.
You know what I’ll take care of it, send you 200. And you’ll get 400 when we meet. But this is your Christmas present.
Hehe :-) ur the best !! I’m gonna get my cats neutered too so that would help me so much!! Ur the best 
￼
Please make time for me, at the end of this week, ok?
maybe it would have to b right after Christmas.. im going out of town to see my mom on fri
So you’re Thursday is not available?
I work lemme see what time 
If not, how does the day after Christmas look?
I work but later in the day works for me 
On Thursday? That would be perfect
Wait maybe 
I’ll have to look at my schedule 
Ok, let me know
Okie 
I’m at Volkswagen now 
I would appreciate it, if you would chat with me tonight, when you’re done with your long day. I hope everything goes good at Volkswagen.
yes I will of course ♥️
I’ve been watching Netflix on my phone 
😁 thank you
￼
Working hard (not really)
Loved an image
What do u do for work
For my day job I write software that grades certification tests and labs. But I also sell access to some software I wrote that predicts what product sales in the future.
So like if tractor supply company wanted to know how many shovels they would sell in March of next year it would tell them.
Technically my Day Job title is “Deployment Engineer”
Most people are bored by all that so normally I just say “Computer stuff“ 😊
Oooo ur mind 
Awwwww Yissss, my laptop shipped, merry Christmas to me.
I’m excited for you !!! 
What kind 
Well normally I get Macs, but I needed something super heavy duty for work, so I had to special order one from System76
Oh nice !!! A MAC is on my wishlist hehe they r the best 
That’s a wishlist I can get behind 😊
hehe I just really need it for school 
Well we can start looking at them the week after Christmas.
why are u so sweet to me
I don’t want a lot from you, I just want you to show up when you can. I don’t have a family or anything, and I don’t spend money on myself. I only ordered that laptop because I need it for work. I do want the people in my life to be happy.  And I see no reason I can’t help you out with the things you need to do so.
I need something good in my life right now, I’m hoping you can be that for me. I’ll take care of you, and you won’t want for anything if I can help it.
Loved “I need something good in my life right now, I’m hoping you can be that for me. I’ll take care of you, and you won’t want for anything if I can help it.”
yes I’d love to b that person for u
I’m a genuinely down to earth girl 
No bad intentions 
Loved “yes I’d love to b that person for u”
My grandma came and saved me from the dealership and took me to lunch 
That was nice
Of course when I leave they call me and say the car is ready 
Lol
803.62 GAY 
I’m so mad abt that
but now my headlights work!! Perfectly 
Fantastic
That is a lot of money for some headlights, I don’t know that I would have got my fixed in that situation.
But you need to be legal I suppose
When I was 17 I bought a car for 700 dollars.
￼
But we’ll get you a Mac and your new one can chill with my collection when we’re together
I saved 3000 and got a Volkswagen Beetle. It was because all the wires were fucked up and they had to order new parts 
Oh wow, good on you
I’m so proud this old grandma sold me the car and it’s perfect 
I love it
I have to get the back windows fixed tho before it gets warm so I can put the top down 
I always wanted one when I was younger
Me too it’s my dream car !!!
Well I’m glad you have it, and I’m glad the lights work
To get both the windows fixed it 1500 but my friend told me to look up a YouTube tutorial lol. Bc the motors for the back window works they just won’t go down 
Yeah you may have to take the panel off the door.
lol it was this dude from work and I said I would pay him to do it and he said fuck no
Lol
The top down is the best part !!!!
I can’t wait to get home and smoke 
Lol, sounds like a plan
Loved an image
Love ur new laptop!!!
:)
I think I’m going to have an adult beverage tonight, it’s already been a long day
I’ll text you when I’m done driving
what’s ur adult bev of choice 
Well it was bourbon, but I switched to vodka, because it’s less sugar
Honestly I’ve cut down a lot, I was getting a little to round in the middle
What’s yours? 
Say hello to yin and tang for me
Vodka as well!! 
Liked “Vodka as well!! ”
So your going out of town Friday?
￼
The vodka arrived
￼￼
Loved an image
Hi sorry I fell asleeep! 
No worries, just watching choppped and
I love chopped !!
￼
Not that it’s exciting I’m actually just nursing some vodka
hehe r u a bartender 
Lol nah, but I can make a drink or two. 
I like a screwdriver
I’m thinking abt learning to b a bartender 
When I lived in Charleston we had a mixologist come in and teach us, and serve us, all the types of martinis...for like a team building thing
At the place I was working
Loved “When I lived in Charleston we had a mixologist come in and teach us, and serve us, all the types of martinis...for like a team building thing”
Ooo I’m a slut for some martinis lol
Note to self, serve martinis
hehe I’m trying to motivate myself to get up I have to go through my clothes 
But I’m looking at Nintendo switches for sale and I can’t believe they r so expensive 
￼500? Like what
That does seem nonsensical
I think it’s because of the games w it ?
One would hope
￼
Well you know I owe you 400 when we meet
hehe I know I’m gonna ask her if it’s still available
my cats are going to hate me after tmrw :(
Why!
They r getting fixed in the morning !
Oh yeah
Damn
They’ll love you again, just takes a second
Also I’d hate you if you got me neutered
At least for a day or two
Hey gorgeous I think your beautiful, and a good person.I respect you. 
Loved “Also I’d hate you if you got me neutered”
yes they know who their mama is ♥️
Also sorry I’m cleaning up my house 
No worries do your thing 
hehe I’m so happy I have tomorrow off!!
I worked so much from Thursday to Monday
You deserve it
Dare I ask how Thursday looks?
You’re fine, whenever you want to see me is fine, I’ve had a bit to drink, I’ll be asleep shortly
I think I get off at 5:30
Aw sorry I’ve been deep cleaning 
I haven’t had a day off in forever 
what’re u doing while ur sippin 
Watching bones being silly
Is it a good show! 
￼
Aw I loveeee the setup 
Yeah with my friends until Thursday
Aw glad u have some company 
I’m having a personal dance party 
FUN
Hey gorgeous I want see that
￼
You are so goddamn gorgeous
Loved an image
You’re so sweet to me
You deserve it
You deserve it
Good night
Good night :) get some rest 
I’m abt to take my cat’s ! 
Yay
they were so sad
Aww
They’ll be happy again, it will just take some time
I did not sleep good last night 
I slept for like 12 hours, in fact I think I might still be asleep
Disliked “I did not sleep good last night ”
I have to drive 30 min BACK home 
sad today
Aww, so sorry
Finally here
Good to be home?
yes 🥺
I am really hungry but idk what I want 
What’re u up to 
I’m debating on starting work early or just staring at the ceiling for another 10 minutes
definitely ceiling 
Great minds think a like
￼
I might nap 
Naps are good.
I’m so exhausted my cats kept me up all night 
I’m sorry they kept you up, get some sleep. Have a nap day.
I definitely am 
I’m debating on eating first 
Do both
￼
Loved an image
I think I’m gonna buy some new panties later today!!!
just sorted through mine and they r getting worn 
I hope there is a sale 
Rawr
hehe I’ll show u!!
Well then
I have something to look forward too
I probably shouldn’t and save $ but I want to :) I’ll model them for u
😘
Loved “😘”
hehe now I wanna go 
I wish there was a goth version of Victoria secret 
Well now I’m not going to be able to think straight all day
Loved “I wish there was a goth version of Victoria secret ”
don’t let me distract you too much 
😇
￼￼￼Cute 
Very cute
￼
They look good, I like the first pair better. Also charge your phone, girl.
First set*
you’re right :o
I’ve never met you, and some how I miss you
Aw how’s your day
Working hard, but not getting much done
Aw dam why
It’s just a difficult task
:( I hope you can figure it out 
I will, it will just take time
Loved “I will, it will just take time”
If I’m bothering you just lmk 
You’re fine. 😘
What are you up to?
I’m in and out of my nap
I need food :,
:(
Aww, get you something to eat
I don’t wanna move 
Lol, I feel that
im stuck 🥺
I think I’m taking a lunch myself
What are u going to eat 
Hummus and tortilla chips
And watch chopped
the dream~~~
Lol indeed
￼
😛😛
I hope I can see u soon 
Me too
I hope I’m not sick :( everything hurts 
I hope not too
finally getting up to look for food 
just wanna cuddle w my kitties 
no interesting options 
￼
Oh no
You’re so adorable
Rawr
I want to just lay in bed, my leg hurts
Loved “You’re so adorable”
Aw :( hopefully your day isn’t too much longer 
Couple more hours
I’ll keep you company so it won’t b too bad 
￼
Loved an image
the one on the left looks kinda scary 
Lol
 I need to go grocery shopping but don’t want to go right before I go out of town:(
Yeah that makes sense
I feel like my life is in shambles !!!
I’m everbwhere 
I really want to see you tomorrow. If you came by it wouldn’t be a booty call or anything like that, I just want to watch some tv and get more comfortable with you. You wouldn’t have to get all made up or anything. Plus I want you to have some money for your trip. :)
okay!! I get off at 5:30 so I’ll text u whenever I’m off
Thank you so much, you’ve made me 😀 
you have made me smile as well:) 
￼hehe u should send me some shopping money so I can go buy some sexy lingerie and show off for you 
You’re impossible, I’m going to send you a little bit of money, but you better show up tomorrow.
don’t b mad at me :-(
😊 Just show up tomorrow is all I ask, and you don’t have to show up in lingerie. I make good money, I’m not infinitely wealthy. But you know I’m going to help you out where I can, ok.
Loved “😊 Just show up tomorrow is all I ask, and you don’t have to show up in lingerie. I make good money, I’m not infinitely wealthy. But you know I’m going to help you out where I can, ok.”
okay :) I got you 
But now you got me all kinds of thirsty.
don’t b thirsty babe!!!
Rawr, you’re so goddamn gorgeous how could I not be.
you make me feel like the prettiest person ever 
You might want to check the mirror, cause I think you are.
🥺
Aww, no sad face
just having a tough day
I’m sorry. What can I do?
nothing im just in my own head :(
I hate when that happens
I know I feel a pit in my chest 
I’m sorry, you’re a sweet a girl, you don’t deserve that.
I don’t know what all is going on with your life, but I’m going to help you with what I can, and hopefully that will make anything else easier to deal with.
thank u for being here for me :,) 
As long as you’re here for me, I’ll be there for you 😊
And maybe one day, even better than that
Loved “And maybe one day, even better than that”
you’re the best 
:)
I’m abt to make some eggs lol
I love eggs, I make them several times a week
￼Hehe 
Loved “Hehe ”
Well, you’ve gotten me a little lewder than I would normally be. I can’t wait to....well, so much.
But you truly are beautiful.
Loved “Well, you’ve gotten me a little lewder than I would normally be. I can’t wait to....well, so much.”
what’re u up to
Well works over so I poured myself a drink, and eventually, I’m going to drink it.
Probably going to watch something terrible on tv.
I’m back cuddled up in my bed 
I’m watching wire wrapping tutorials 
Lol
why lol
I don’t know, seems practical.
Like you got solder over there or what?
￼I want to make stuff like this 
I love how creative you are.
♥️
I’m definitely buying a kit Friday when I get paid !!!
I’m abt to check my grades for the semester wish me luck 
::good vibes::
Lol my laptop will take until tmrw to load
What’s up?
Oh it’s being slow?
I’m trying to check my grades haha 
 I play a nerdy game once a month doubt you’d be interested but it’s a collaborative storytelling game, lots of creativity involved
It’s super silly, get me drunk some time I’ll tell you about it.
Also I have tattoos I don’t know if that’s a thing you know
What game ! 
Also I want to see ur tattoos
I got a B is psychology and a C in modern literature 
￼
￼
Loved an image
I got one over my heart and on my back too
Aww, that’s awesome, where are you going to school
I like them ! 
Vol state for jow 
Lol I went there for a minute
It’s terrible 
I mean it is what it is
I appreciated all the pictures today
I think your communication style is why I am so smitten with you
I think a lot of times you know what to say to me. I tried at first to be distant, but you broke through that I think.
aw I’m glad u liked 
I try to be easy to communicate with ! 
You are very unique 
I love it
♥️ u are so sweet !
What’s your favorite dish?
I love pho 
Soooooo goood
I know I wish I had some 
Well I’ve had a couple of three shots, you should ask me questions you don’t think I’d answer sober :)?
hmmmm 
On the spot !
😜
what made u want to do this ?? what do u want to do when we are together 
I joined the paid version of seeking the day I met you I messaged everyone online that day, you’re the only one I’m still talking to today. I did it because meeting people is the worst part of dating, and I’m making enough money I can. When we’re together I just want to make sure you are taken care of. I want you to hang out with me when you’re available, I just want the company of a bright beautiful woman, we I can have it. I love watching dumb tv but i’m also into helping you out with whatever you have going on.
I’ve lived a weird hard life, and I just want coast through this approaching middle age part with some semblance of normalcy.
Loved “I’ve lived a weird hard life, and I just want coast through this approaching middle age part with some semblance of normalcy.”
Yeah my life has been shitty and I don’t really want to date anyone I just am trying to be successful rn so that’s why I made seeking 
Well let’s work on making you that
I’m into that, maybe we can end you’re struggle, I’ll hold you up so you don’t have to flounder for Your twenties, and in exchange we watch some shitty tv and occasional good time 
Loved “I’m into that, maybe we can end you’re struggle, I’ll hold you up so you don’t have to flounder for Your twenties, and in exchange we watch some shitty tv and occasional good time ”
♥️
Rawr, your the best
My period is making me cramp so badly !!
Aww, I’m sorry much loves. Big virtual hug.
I’ll give you a big hug tomorrow. I’m sorry you’re in pain.
It’s okie bby
We’ll order out, whatever you want, even pho.
We can watch the discovery channel, celebrate shark week ;)
♥️ 
Loved “♥️ ”
Rawr, your great
Mwah 
💋
Hi are u asleep yet 
I was but I woke up
Sup gorgeous 
￼Just showered 
about to smoke 
You’re so beautiful 
Rawr, you are goddamn gorgeous yet again 
you make me feel that way🩸
Rawr
hehe I want to b touched 
My god I want to run my fingers and tongue all over you 
I love being teased lightly 
I’d flick my tongue across you so lightly right now 
I am dying to tease you
hehe I love being licked bby 
It’s what I want more than anything
hehe ur going to make me moan for you 
Dear god I hope so
my pussy is sensitive🍯
I need to eat it
I need to run my tongue across it
I need it
that’s my favorite thing ever 😫😫
I want all of you
I want to tongue it 
I want to suck your clit
I need you
Hehe you can also use my vibrator on me while ur licking 
Oh yes
teach me how to squirt no one ever has made me 
I want to b so good for u
you deserve it 😛
Rawr
I need it
I need you
👅
I know you’ll take care of me 
I am here for you
I think I’m going to sleep ! Goodnight 
Loved “I think I’m going to sleep ! Goodnight ”
Goodnight 
￼
Loved an image
Good morning 
Morning
Just picked up my kitties !!
Yay
how’s ur morning 
Ugh is it 9 already, I guess I should be working
:/ 
I didn’t get in my 10 minutes of ceiling time
Tell your kitties I say hi
How has your morning been?
My billion dollar laptop should get here today
I’m at work now :( it’s been rushed 
I still have to pack 🥺
I need ceiling time 
My kitties were bad on the way home tho
Aww poor kitties
I know :(
This new airbnb I moved into is a little sketch
Dam why 
I’m just use to something a little more....fancy
Send me pics of it
￼
￼
There’s no couch
I bet my house is sketchier hehe 
Oh shit lol
￼
Where r u supposed to sit
Well I’m only going to be here through Christmas
￼
Chair is cute tho
Wait I forgot why do U have one 
I’m staying with my friend/renting Airbnb’s until I find an apartment I really want
Or a condo or whatever
Oh yes I forgot 
Have u found anymore you like 
Not really
Hey, if you don’t want to come to this....place, tonight, I’d get that, it’s a little sketch, but I probably won’t see you until January
Just let me know, so I can figure out what I’m doing
:( 
I’m just getting home from work 
Well what do you want to do?
I’m abt to shower and then I’ll text y
Rawr
I had the longest day:(
Alright
what do u want to do
You mean besides watch you shower
hehe I’d let you shower me 
I want you to be happy
you’ve helped me out so much since we met I’m already so much happier ♥️
:)
seriously you’re the best 
No you
￼￼￼
Rawr, your killing me :)
Can I get a pic with your finger in your mouth, pleeeease
￼
You deserve more than I could ever give you.
hehe I’m ur lil bby 
I want you to come over here and sex me up, but I always wanted our meeting to be something nicer and sweet.
it can b both nice, sweet, and sexy 
Well I’d love for you to come over then.
I want to workout bc I skipped yesterday and I still have to pack
I wish I was off today ugh
Well, if you can’t make it down here, after your chores, you want to Skype or something, I could make it worth your while ?
I don’t know, your photos got me a little crazy
Jesus christ what are the people upstairs doing, practicing moving furniture
Yes hehe:) 
I’m glad u like them 
Mmmm.....just let me know when you have time for me, I’m all out of sorts from your pictures. I’m going to need a little attention from you, even if it’s just online 😉
I’ll send you some money tonight so you have some for your trip.
I got you babe :) hehe 
Okay I’m at the gym so I’ll text I when I’m done 
Just worked out 
￼
I want to just lick you up and down.
I sent you a little money, I’ll send you a little more, if I you  show my that finger in your mouth one more time
rawr, where you go
￼
I’m procrastinating a shower 
I’ll shower and then send u cute pics :) 
rawr
kitty being so needy 

Same, tho
:) 
Omg I’m still sitting in the same place 
Hehehe
Finally abt to shower 
Just turned it on 
See u on the flip side 
😊 Think of me in there
Hi I am completely dry from laying in my bed w my towel on 
But I picked out something sexy 
To put on 
Well lets see it 😛
I’m putting it on 
￼
rawr
￼
mmmm, wants you
￼￼￼
Oh baby, those last two, I’m dying
You’re so gorgeous baby, i just want you here
I want to grab your thighs, and lick you all over.
I’m going to do so much for you in January. You won’t even have the same life.
I’m so glad u like hehe 
￼
￼
￼
RAWR
￼
￼
￼
Oh my how can I ever thank you enough for that?
you take care of me ♥️ i want to give you everything hehe 
God you’re so sexy
Loved a movie
😇😇
Tell me something you like in bed
I just like being submissive 
love being teased 
I will be looking forward to that
Tie me up pls 
￼Would you ever where something like this?
Use my vibrator on me while you’re inside me 🥺
Loved “Use my vibrator on me while you’re inside me 🥺”
Oh my god yes, I’d love to feel you orgasm around me
Loved an image
Yes I would 
Rawr
I want cute bondage lil outfits 
We will have to get you some
Wish u were eating me rn 
Me too
Tease that clit
Hear you moan
Think I’ve watched the video you sent 1000 times
￼Rawr, love to see you in this
Hehe I’d love to wear that 
I’m sorry I fell asleep 
That’s a sign it’s time for me hehe 
Alright, have sweet dreams, and enjoy your trip
Left all my lights on!! 
Now finally off to sleep
Rawr goodnight
Good morning 
I have to drive to Knoxville w my sis 
Bummer
I know 
You can text me while your riding if that helps
Lol my sister and I MIGHT kill each other 
Tell your sister, she can’t kill you, I haven’t even gotten to meet you yet
she’s such a bitch I wanted to drive separate LOL 
Daily reminder: You’re drop dead gorgeous
Loved “Daily reminder: You’re drop dead gorgeous”
Hope u have the best day 
My sis is driving so crazy 
I wanna die 
Sorry
It’s scaring me
Ugh 
Hi 
Hey
How are you
good I’m w my fam 
That’s good, are they mostly good people
yes I’m seeing my grandma and grandma 
￼
I just wanna smoke weed:(
Would kill for a drink right now
oh me too
I miss u:(
Same
What’re u doing
Programming
I wish I could come distract you 
I’m lonely 
Thinking about you, and thinking about us. And hoping
What’s wrong ? 
Nothing, just hoping we still like each other next week
:( why would u have doubts 
I wouldn’t be me if I didn’t worry about everything 
don’t worry . I promise 
you make me smile so interesting to talk to 
So what’s Christmas like for you there?
I’m really just here to see my family 
I have parents we don’t speak
Hey, you’ve been great by the way
In January when we get the laptop and everything. You’re going to see an easier path
You’ll have what you need
And I’ll have someone to share the days with
:( why don’t u speak 
but that will b so helpful:) all my classes r online 
You can share anything w me babe 
My father is a very difficult person, and my mother was content to leave me in his company for the most part. I don’t like my father, but I respect him.
:/ I’m sorry 
It’s fine I haven’t talked to them for 3 years so, it’s  long ago solved
I have had a terrible childhood I try to mask it 
Yeah I just want to move on, screw what happened
you’re right ♥️
I’m glad we can b there for each other 
Yeah for sure. I’m really sorry that you had to go through whatever you had to go through. If you want to talk about it I am here. If you never want to talk about ever again, that’s up to you.
I’ve never talked to anyone about it 
You’ll find that I am a very genuine person. A lot of people have told me about their past.
Which is weird the more I think about it.
I feel comfortable with you already 
I think people share because i am open, and others see it as a way to reciprocate. But being open and honest isn’t about reciprocation.
Reflecting on some of that I think I may been less than patient with you a couple of times, I’m sorry about that. It won’t happen again.
you make me feel so great babe 
You also seem to know how this relationship should work, more than I do. So I think, I’ll start deferring to your judgement on that.
I really don’t know but 
Well I think you know what you need, and I tend to only think about what I see, so I’m going to start paying closer attention.
What do u mean?
I think very linearly, it’s what makes me good at what I do, however it often closes me often to others. Because I just don’t realize there way of thinking about things.
So like for example, my friend  has a fear of the Ocean, or any large body of water. But my brain says, that’s stupid. And it’s very hard for me to show sympathy for that, because it makes no sense to me. I think I need to be more aware of these things as we start to get closer so.....well, so I’m not an asshole.
I tend to think of people as fungible chess pieces, and they are not that
it’s so good you’re aware of your own mind 
Well that’s one thing I have in spades, self awareness.
Loved “Well that’s one thing I have in spades, self awareness.”
￼
If i did think about people as complex emotional beings, in any given situation, I don’t think I could get anything done. I mean everyone else has to do that to some extent too. I mean humans are so emotional and prone to all sorts of fucked up malfunction on the slightest whim, it’s stupid we’re allowed to drive cars without like years of schooling.
You are gorgeous
I could sit and talk to you for hours 
I didn’t talk to my boss at all today, I probably shouldn’t do that again
Aw are you supposed to
Not necessarily but it’s probably something I should do
you should 
I’m a lil tipsy 
My mom gave me 2 beers and cut me off ?
When I would drink for Christmas around my parents ~many~ years ago. I was more of, drink everything you can so this is tolerable, type.
yes i want more but there’s none :-(
I have booze here, I’m going to poor it soon
pour it in my mouth 
Would that I could. But maybe mom is right, maybe Christmas is not the time for truth bombs.
Hmm what do you
Mean!!
In wine there’s truth. But the truth hurts.
I want nothing but the truth from u:/
R u going to hurt my feelings 
Of course not.
I only meant maybe your mom was right, maybe you should be t-totaled for Christmas.
I’ll always be open and honest with you
2 beers has got you a little feisty?
Loved “I only meant maybe your mom was right, maybe you should be t-totaled for Christmas.”
no I wish.. just has me on the edge of maybe drunk 
but definitely not
Bummer, that’s when being drunk looks the best
Hehe I know 
My back just hurts realllly badly 
Did you also spend all night hunched over your computer
no just in the car all day:( 
I need a massage 
I have not been taught that skill but I bet I can master it over time.
hehe maybe if someone just beats my back with a hammer I’ll b fine 
I know what mine needs, sleep
get some rest bby 
I’ll try and have a drink see if it settles me in
yes pls do 
get comfy bby
Take a shower that will help
Hey:(
Hey
r u comfy now 
Yeah 
oh :/ seems like you don’t wanna talk I’ll go 
No I do, I was just distracted
What is up, my gorgeous, brilliant and artistic lady?
You order one of those kits ?
i didn’t i was waiting until i got paid 
Also we totally need golden crowns
I’m laying down my back hurts really bad 
Like legit power couple with some 24k hats
Loved “Also we totally need golden crowns”
Maybe thrones too, how do you feel about thrones in a house?
hehe dripping in gold darling 
Maybe pyrite or silver, all the gold will be an our electronics, as gold is the greatest conductor
Also gold is expensive as hell, silver is like 100th of the price
hehe gold looks better against my olive skin 
Gold is 1500 an oz, silver is 17 dollars an once
Then girl we will deck you out in it
But it’s silver for me and the minions
imagine having an oz of gold 
I had 3 oz the other day
no u didn’t ! 
Sort of right, sort of wrong. I was with a friend a jeweler, and he was moving it and some gems, from the store to a vault. So no I didn’t own it, but it was in my possession, while he did other errands before finishing.
tell your jeweler to craft me someting cute 
Custom made jewelry huh
I wouldn’t know what 
My back hurts literally so bad 
Idk what to do
Well, find a family member, ask for assistance to find an OTC painkiller, get a glass of water and lie down
ill see 
Also is this normal, did something cause it, or say, shut up, if you wish me to quit problem solving, and just show compassion instead
Cause back pain sucks
Oh you said the other day... could be lady stuff, your the expert if that’s the case
Also, you should mock up some ideas for “Victoria Secret but only Goth”....I’ve seen software guys get funding for terrible ideas, your good one should be a winner.
Idk it hasn’t hurt really bad in a while but it feels chronic 
Sharp pain, dull pain? And specifically where?
I feel it everywhere like upper back
Shoulder blades 
And in my lower back 
Does your family have a predisposition for arthritis? Upper back pain without a source is usually a joint distinction. But since both your upper and lower hurt, maybe you’re just tired? Any chance you’ve been burning the candle at both ends?
Disfunction*
Never take my advice over a doctor, but know that while the school of hard knocks does not award degrees, I walked it’s hallowed halls many years.
I think it’s just the car ride plus me working a lot :(
Good
That’s probably right then, :)
I need someone to knead my back lol
What with you not being old and having some questionable years on you.
Wish I was there, I would help.
Actually if I’m using a wish, I’m going for invisibility, then getting a ride there
So I don’t have to meet your parents
Also, I am sorry that your back is hurting, I wish you could smoke or there was just like an opiate dispenser to get something out of.
In the future we should make you a travel first aid kit that includes like two rounds of OxyContin 
If you don’t respond then I can’t even purpose my dumber idea
I hope I haven’t made you angey, in the event I did, I’m sorry and I hope it’s a miscommunication on my part
Angry*
You didn’t make me angry I fell asleep 
I’m really sad tonight idk why
I just want to cry 
I’m sorry you feel sad. But if you want to cry you go ahead. I will scream at the moon in solidarity
I already was crying when i said that :/ Idk why the holidays just make me feel like this 
For me November is the worst, on top of Holiday shit it’s the anniversary of a lot of low points. The central one being a friend of mines death. Holidays suck. In New Dustoria there are no holidays, and I have a crown and a thrown, so try and prove me wrong
New Vicky? I don’t know
I want to go to the place w no holidays !! 
Power couple rulers, fuck yeah
Loved “Power couple rulers, fuck yeah”
We’ll have a painting made:
￼
I’ll be Ugly Antony and you’ll be beautiful Queen Cleopatra
Loved an image
she is me 
And According to history they defended the homeland for a while, and then had to flee...so we won’t be them exactly, we’ll be better
We’ll at least have an escape plan that just makes it seem like we were on vacation
How could we flee, we were at Disney World
only thing missing in that pic is a joint 
Ok so, absolutely yes....but where would it be
in my mouth duh 
Are you sure....it wouldn’t be a blunt? Like, Look at my audacity.
Loved “Are you sure....it wouldn’t be a blunt? Like, Look at my audacity.”
only if it’s a tobacco free leaf 
It’s Egypt of course it is
That just means my man anthony got a joint tucked up behind his ear, letting his hair hide it
yolo
What is yolo? Used correctly? Maybe?
Loved “That just means my man anthony got a joint tucked up behind his ear, letting his hair hide it”
You see Antony is looking at the ground, keeping things in order, so Cleopatra can plan the future, what’s going to be.
You only live once- yolo
or they both r just spacey
Fake it till you make it
yolo?
I wish I would’ve stayed asleep on the couch the back pain is BADK
Fuck dis 
￼
hehe I’d love to get outfits and dress up for u !! Also she is me (once again)
￼Kanye looking at the sky, and KK looking at the ground, still got they bases covered
I mean he’s a crazy person, who probably ultimately dreams about world domination, but they doing them
I can’t believe now he’s getting the Christians on his side 
Oh no, i don’t even know about this. What’s happening?
he’s writing Jesús music and meeting w that famous preacher and doing sermons 
Oh that doesn’t surprise me. Some Bipolars be like that.
So crazy to me
Heads up, in full honesty and disclosure of all the things I have Bipolar disorder...HOWEVER, it is a very mild case. And doesn’t present typically. I am able to recognize when I am manic and act accordingly. Well occasionally a mean spirited rant about old people escapes, but that’s it. I assure you it will not affect you, and if you wish to know more I am open to talk about it.
I’ve had one boyfriend ever and he was severely bipolar 
I know tons about it !
Well, I am not severe by any means
The worse I get is cranky, plus energy
I’d love to be someone you can come to whenever you’re feeling that way ♥️
It was much more severe but I have had some....extreme therapies that have helped
Absolutely
im glad that you have come to terms and can control it
Ish 
Yea, I had ECT, it was not fun.
But that was a bunch of years ago, and it helped.
doesn’t sound fun but it’s over now !!!
And you know how we talked about leaving past stuff in the past, well ECT does that, just more like the nuclear version of that. Cause they say it bathes your brain in chemicals that it needs. But what really happens is it fries a lot of your memory. So you get like most of your childhood nuked, and here comes the psychedelic kicker, instead of just being gone, your brain does something called confabulation. The creative part of the brain takes all of those swiss cheese holes, and just makes up a new story.
So whenever anyone asks me about my childhood I try to be vague.
And that was “What’s fucked up with Dusty, Pt 1”
I hope “What’s fucked up with Victoria” has more parts than “What’s fucked up with Dusty”, cause man I do not want to be pulling that much baggage to the table.
I hope you made it to sleep. Goodnight, gorgeous.
Also we should totally pick a charity tomorrow, our, power couple helping this charity thing.Yeeeahh....that’s what millennials like...saving the world from the destruction of Boomers.
Hey, so I was thinking about it a lot and hinted at it earlier that I feel I’ve been unfair. I think I got into a very kindergarten way of thinking, and couldn’t empathize with you. As far as meeting in the future we should do dinner in the future, and of course there’s nothing physical on the table. And I assure you that if you wanted to sever our agreement I would harbor no ill will. You’ve been generous to me in many ways. So I hope for the best, a meeting that goes well in January. Have a merry Christmas 
Good morning
Hi !! I’m sorry I knocked out 
Good morning 
Sup gorgeous 
dreading getting ready 
I have to find another way home 
my sister has been so so so mean to me 
Aww I’m sorry
:( 
I’m trying to find a friend that will
Come pick me up 
I wish I could but I don’t even know if I’ll be in town, work wants me to go to San Antonio soon for a bit
They’ve been cagey about the date
aw when are you going 
That’s exciting for u tho!
Don’t know, happens every now and then, when your comfortable enough I’ll fly you up when I go even when I you can only stay a day or two
Ugh I wordy worded wrong , you know what I mean if you want to come down there while I’m down there I can make that happen
Loved “Don’t know, happens every now and then, when your comfortable enough I’ll fly you up when I go even when I you can only stay a day or two”
yes !! That would b great 
Guess what
I got paid !! So I’m gonna buy the wire wrapping kit 
Woot
I know I’m ordering it rn 
I can’t wait to create something pretty 
You’re pretty, you already did it
:( 
What’re u up to 
Well a friend stopped by, and I went with hi to run errands, cause he doesn’t get to do a lot of stuff cause wife and kids. But he just left. So now I’m just thinking about you
There’s a million things I could and should do, but I think I’ll just lay here and think about you. I can afford this leisure.
I’ll work on things tomorrow, and day dream today.
Loved “Well a friend stopped by, and I went with hi to run errands, cause he doesn’t get to do a lot of stuff cause wife and kids. But he just left. So now I’m just thinking about you”
￼
Do u like my outfit 
I love it, corduroy is the bomb
Loved “There’s a million things I could and should do, but I think I’ll just lay here and think about you. I can afford this leisure.”
hehe I wanna lay around and day dream 
im On my way! To Dollywood
Laying around is tight 
If you were here right now, like you were hanging out, we’d probably hang out and watch tv, And we would order door dash, but instead of getting our food from the same place we would go buck wild and get food from like three different places. And then later when you were like, “ugh, I need to go to the gym” I’d be like “nah I ordered Ben and Jerry’s from prime now 
Ice cream is basically exercise
Loved “If you were here right now, like you were hanging out, we’d probably hang out and watch tv, And we would order door dash, but instead of getting our food from the same place we would go buck wild and get food from like three different places. And then later when you were like, “ugh, I need to go to the gym” I’d be like “nah I ordered Ben and Jerry’s from prime now ”
Also I think between prime now, door dash, and shipt, I have lost my patience with the rest of humanity
omg let me use ur prime !!!
I spent 25 dollars on 1 pint from postmates
What’s ur favorite thing to order in 
I did some pho the other day and it wasn’t dissaPOINTED 
That is a terrible use of money, and I can’t say a damn thing about it, because I spent 24 dollars just have grapefruit juice delivered cause I’m a horrible person.
Loved “That is a terrible use of money, and I can’t say a damn thing about it, because I spent 24 dollars just have grapefruit juice delivered cause I’m a horrible person.”
“But there are people at the store”
I hate going in places 
Every time I’m out in public, I act like a bratty child now. 
I always get catcalled 
Loved “Every time I’m out in public, I act like a bratty child now. ”
And I feel like I’m gonna b sex trafficked
Ugh that sucks. I never want to contribute to that feeling, and I know the other night , I was little extra, so I want to say I’m sorry for that. 
But also the dream is real. I have lived it. Everything you need comes to you.
I have seen the top of the mountain and it is good.
you were never extra don’t apologize 
One week, I didn’t speak, at all. To anyone. I only noticed because I had a phone meeting and my voice cracked.
haha omg 
U need to speak 
Drizly and goPuff deliver now, so I don’t even have to go to the store.
For booze
Omg I wish I was 21 
:/ 
if you delivered me alcohol would they ID me 
Yeah
They scan your is
ID
:( 
 I think at some point we need to talk money again. Nothing scary, I just can tell your going to need more than 1000, but I get the feeling you like getting little things over the course of the week. So I think just giving you 1500 or 2000 isn’t what you really want or need. I need to work it so you have your 1000, maybe a little more, and then I keep a pool for you for extras, so I can treat you. I’m not really set up like that right now, I put all my available money into investments, no sense having lazy money, and I live a pretty spartan lifestyle
I WILL figure out the best way to spoil you.
January will be a very comfortable month for you :)
you’re the best :( I do get paid too tho!! Haha I do like to buy a bunch of extra shit and spoil myself. I like festivals too and concerts 
I’m glad I found you 
school was so tough last semester 
I’m sorry it was tough on you 
I paid for my remaining tuition, textbooks, all my bills, I had to move, my car broke down and I paid for Uber for months and had to buy a new car 
it was hell 
We’ll get it all straightened out
You know, just talking about this gives me so much to look forward too. 
I haven’t had much to look forward too, lately. So thank you for that.
Do you wear jewelry, what’s it look like if so?
Let me know when you have m, time to bullshit with me. I want to ask you like a thousand stupid questions, to get to know you better.
😻
Loved “You know, just talking about this gives me so much to look forward too. ”
hehe okay I’ll have some time later :) dollywood w the fam 
I love all jewelry 
Have a great time
I am :) 
Hi love 
Hello, Gorgeous 
just been having a wholesome time w my fam 
I am looking at things online, trying to figure out what we’ll generate the biggest smile
Also, I’ve been reading our pasts texts, and I gotta hand it to myself, I know who to pick
But yeah really you are the best
Loved “I am looking at things online, trying to figure out what we’ll generate the biggest smile”
I bought my fam last minute Christmas presents and they were hella expensive but they will love them 
Only spent like 75 for my grandmas so it’s not bad 
￼
￼￼
You switch your Santa baby shirt?
I had to buy a sweater here bc I was so cold 
:( 
Overpriced country shit 
Just letting you know I was paying attention
hehe :) 
I can’t wait to leave 
Crowds suck, the indoors is best
I knowwww
I’m just glad I got all my Christmas shopping done !! 
#multitask 
It’s fucking cold as fuck 
Smart
And I want to smoke ;-( 
I poured a cocktail myself, a little tequila
yummy !! 
pour it in my mouth part 2 
Rawr, do want
Things I want more than to give you a sip: literally nothing 
I’m glad you got to go to Dollywood, I haven’t thought of that place in years...oh wait not quite right, the other day Dolly Parton was on a hallmark movie
Loved “Things I want more than to give you a sip: literally nothing ”
I met Dolly parton 
She nice?
When I was lil 
Oh
I don’t remember 
now I wanna sip 😢
￼
It wants you
omg I need 
W a lime 
￼
I’m so glad o just took the day off, 
What’s your birth month
I can’t wait to just chill tmrw
Also July 
I gottabe session bsns cat tomorrow
Serious*
What 
Oh business 
 Yeah that message had an extra chromosome 
I appreciate the family photos and chat today, I’m glad you keep me up to date.
I’m so annoyed I just wanna go home 
I’m sorry, family can suck
You know what’s good though...you
Is it mostly your sister bothering you?
I think I’m going to trick out my laptop and post it to Facebook
Customizing a Linux machine is a big deal in my field, I mean it’s silly, but it’s how most of us got into the job
And that is a nerdy thing you know now
yes but she’s just immature 
But what is linux 

It’s my speciality, it’s an operating system
It’s a 25 year old operating system, when someone says “the cloud” they probably mean a group of Linux servers
oh well shit 
Anyway I had to have a custom built laptop cause the shit I do is so heavy. And since it was hugely expensive, I guess I’ll trick it out tomorrow
Ad be one of the cool nerdy kids
omg yes how will you trick it out 
Well there’s this weird style of customizing it , everyone likes 
 ￼
￼
You use bad ass pictures and transparency’s to show your hacking skills
But some times the weeaboos do it and the bad ass picture is just an over sexualized anime girl
So I may do it in the style but make fun of the weeaboos somehow
Loved “You use bad ass pictures and transparency’s to show your hacking skills”
I like the purple 
Hehe do a pic of my booty but 
W other pics overlapping 
Lol I did think about using you, but those are my pictures :) 
Also I wouldn’t post anything of you without asking
Loved “Lol I did think about using you, but those are my pictures :) ”
I didn’t know other ppl could see 
Reddit.com/r/unixporn
When it’s just for me hell yeah im going to have my girl up there
Loved “When it’s just for me hell yeah im going to have my girl up there”
Remind me why I do this stupid job
I’ll send u booty everyday 💌
rawr
I’m
Sad I can’t workout 
I’m sad I can’t watch you work out
I’ll watch, and eat ice cream
hehe I just want to b skinny 
Yeah, I gotta do it too, I need my leg back in working order so I’m going to have to start
Although it’s gotten a lot better just because of the memory foam mattress here
oh yes how is it feeling ? 
It’s so much better now, but I should work it out so it doesn’t happen again
Rawr, your on my mind 24/7 , I haven’t felt like this since I was a teenager
Loved “It’s so much better now, but I should work it out so it doesn’t happen again”
I just wanna cuddle :/( 
Same
Bad movie + snacks + cuddle
Perfect night 👌
And I would steal a kiss
I’m sad :( my mom mad me go out to eat now 
Man doing stuff sucks
Is all delivery and bed rest over here
 No doing stuff allowed
Well tomorrow I have to work
But mostly it’s just chill town
We’re going to die of food comas when you finally get over here
When I’m by myself I tend to forget to do basic things like eat. So it will be nice to have a guest
I get tunnel vision and only focus on work
It’s how I hurt my leg I knew it was in pain but I didn’t move, cause I just needed to do one more thing....for 8 hours
Loved “We’re going to die of food comas when you finally get over here”
I’m now in the Mexican restaurant 
No I’ll help I focus on everything 
Nachos
I’m full:( 
Yeah women are amazing multitaskers
Also, I know I’ll listen to you
Hehe I multitaskers 
There’s something about the way you communicate, when I lose focus you snap me right back
You make my heart full 
I can’t wait to hug you. I’m not an emotional person but you give me the feels. I just want to hold you.
I’m not usually a big hugger either but I kinda imagine I’m going to be chained to you like s teddy bear when you let me
I mean I won’t let myself get to clingy, but at appropriate cuddle times I’m going to be there
I love huggggging 
I’m a lovey girl 
Loved “I’m a lovey girl ”
But I am buying whatever your selling
Selling chocolate 
Thank you so much for being so generous with your picture taking. You didn’t have to do that and I appreciate it. And I don’t just mean the ...special ones. It’s nice to be able to scroll up and see your face. To know you’re a presence in my life.
I am buying it wholesale
♥️♥️ I love taking pics for memories 
I’m glad you can b along 
I’m going to do everything I can for you. It’s been a while since I thought of a good future and you are a part of that.
I know that’s a big promise but I work towards it even now.
you’re the only person that wants me to do good and sees a future for me :,) 
I want to be that for you
😭🥺
I want to care for you
I want you to make it through school. I want you to achieve the things you want, and I want to help you achieve them
I want you to be happy and I will fight for it. 
I am grateful
you’re the best 
￼
Finally about to b home 
Did you have flan?
Was it just the best ?
🤣
I get life insurance in a month, you’ll be my beneficiary, as long as you promise not to kill me :)
haha I didn’t have it I had shrimp and avocado 
Haha ... kill you .....
Every time a company gives me life insurance I never have any idea who I want to be the beneficiary
They always make a big deal out of it too, like I’m alone give it to charity
Give it something my dad hates like the naaaco or troubled gay teens 
NAACP^
Haha omg troubled gay teens 
Lol like just hand them a check for 200,000 dollars
I’d watch that reality show
This week on Troubled Gay Dave we watch as Dave tries to buy molly, but yet again, it’s just crushed up vitamin b
vitamin b:/ 
You are already way to sympathetic with Dave.
The made up youth, in my fictional reality tv show.
But yeah, that’s a bummer. Maybe next time, maybe ketamine is your thing
Someone ripped me off for 200 dollars when I was 17 one time, I was trying to buy acid. It was like a whole thing, lesson learned
I was the worst teenager
Omg I’ve gotten robbed 
Many 
Times 
I got stabbed once
Not to mention how many times I ran from the cops
Why the fuck does that work
Whenever I see someone in the back of a cop car I’m like, you should have ran dummy
One time I remember jumping over a fence and hearing the cop say, fuck that.....that’s how I remembered but I was nearly black out drunk. The next day I told the story and someone laughed, they were like nah man. You ran face first into that fence, flipped over it from force and kept moving.that cop thought there was no way in hell you would make it anywhere but the ground. 
Omg stabbed ? 
But alas Dusty is a mostly law abiding citizen these days
Yeah
Loved “One time I remember jumping over a fence and hearing the cop say, fuck that.....that’s how I remembered but I was nearly black out drunk. The next day I told the story and someone laughed, they were like nah man. You ran face first into that fence, flipped over it from force and kept moving.that cop thought there was no way in hell you would make it anywhere but the ground. ”
Fun fact, the guy who did it, is dead
Also we were friends after that
I ended up at his and his brothers funereal
Also I have a lot of bummer stories like that, but I have a lot of fun ones too, I m saving them for in person, so I can appear charming
Loved “But alas Dusty is a mostly law abiding citizen these days”
hehe follow the law so i can break the law 
Loved “Also I have a lot of bummer stories like that, but I have a lot of fun ones too, I m saving them for in person, so I can appear charming”
My body hurts 
You should submit it to me for repairs, I’ll take care of it
pls do:( 
I’m fragile rn 
I recommend no more sister time and less shifts at work 
lol 
And I’m biased but I also recommend more time with me
yeah the family time is making me want to die
My sister is such a bitch 
I’m sorry. 
Have you ever been to Texas?
Sorry abrupt subject change.
it’s okay I need the subject change lol 
I haven’t 
San Antonio isn’t the coolest place in the world but the river walk is nice and there are bars and boats to take you back and forth
We can eat fancy and pretend we’re better than
Or even better we could be super trashy and flip cigarette butts everywhere
They literally have like 4 guys employed full time to pick them up
I could take you to dinner with my work people who know 0 about me, they’d be like, he’s at best a 4, how is dating a 10. And then if anybody asked me about you, I’d say you like my model train collection or something.
Y people so nosey 
Hey, I want to remind you, you’re gorgeous, smart, and capable. And things will get better. 
Loved “We can eat fancy and pretend we’re better than”
Loved “I could take you to dinner with my work people who know 0 about me, they’d be like, he’s at best a 4, how is dating a 10. And then if anybody asked me about you, I’d say you like my model train collection or something.”
aw hi I fell asleep 
You can go back to sleep :) no worries
no my grandpa came to say goodbye to me 
I’m not mad 
He’s so precious he gave me a lil airplane shot and 20 dollars
Lol fun 
but hehe I would b ur arm candy and pretend I collect rocks 
-relationship goals-
mwah 
What are you up to???
Playing with my laptop
wish I had some cuddles 
I think I just got a nose bleed while trying to teleport to you, with my non existent mind powers
Liked “I think I just got a nose bleed while trying to teleport to you, with my non existent mind powers”
Disliked “I think I just got a nose bleed while trying to teleport to you, with my non existent mind powers”
eee no 
let me nurse u hehe 
Yes please
always got u
I can’t wait to do all the things. I can’t wait to cook for you, like that first time and you realize it isn’t awful. Like I could live with these eggs.
These eggs don’t suck
Or just, falling asleep cuddling :)
I am a leet HAXOR here is my public desktop: ￼Actually I don’t care about any of that, what I do care about is this wonderful girl I met, private desktop:￼
Nobody but me will ever see it. But it’s still gorgeous.
😛😛🥺
Rawr 
My favorite person
good morning love 
Good morning
how’s ur morning been !!
Loved an image
Hi 
Hey sorry, been drifting in and out of sleep
I hope you have a good day today
I needed the sleep, and I know I need more but that’s not happening. I’m going to get cleaned up and see where I stand
Let me know how your doing when you can
Hi I slept a lil more too
Good
Maybe you’ll have less pain
I know sleep helps my back
I did !!!
What do you have going on today?
I’m going to b headed back home soon
That’s good right?
I am stupidly obsessed with you. When I think of things that aren’t you, they are still thought of in the context of how it will affect you. It’s driving me crazy, but I am happy to be this way. 
yes it’s good!!
except the car ride w my sis :o 
Aww I’m sorry. But at least you’ll be home.
Loved “I am stupidly obsessed with you. When I think of things that aren’t you, they are still thought of in the context of how it will affect you. It’s driving me crazy, but I am happy to be this way. ”
im glad to b on your mind ♥️
So you’ll be back in Nashville tonight?
Yes !! 
I’m On my way! Now 
Why on earth did I think you were going to be there for a long time. I think I just assumed. 
oh well I have to return to work tmrw
Bummer, if you wanted to swing by tonight you can.
But I can understand if coming to this hotel would be uncomfortable, no pressure
Or if you wanted to grab dinner somewhere, or we could order in. Or I can quit pestering you.
You’re not pressing me :) I just don’t know what time I’ll b home and I have work really early :/ 
Sure, I understand.
but sometime this week ! 
Merry Christmas, to me.
How would you like to meet, what would be most comfortable for you?
I would prefer to never argue about our arrangement, and I don’t want to pressure you into something you don’t want to do. I want you to be comfortable, but I do need someone who is going to be present in my life. I need support sometimes, just someone to be there. So I do ask that you make time for me, sooner rather than later.
If there’s something I can do to make that easier for you, please let me know.
yes I do want to meet but idk where I’ve also never really done this before so kinda nervous 
But I do really enjoy you in my life 
Wanna hey kicked out of a chili’s together
We can do something fast and casual if that makes it easier. Like a Starbucks.
Wanna get kicked out* , sorry bad joke
haha no I liked that joke 
And yes we can start out fast n casual:)
I’m almost to my sisters but then I have to drive home :(
Aww, I’m sorry.
So closeeee 
Have to move all my stuff into my car 
Then onwards ! 
Lol
Man, I am so done. Shitty weekend was shitty.
I should go the liquor store...oh fuck there’s one right on the corner I can totally do that, no hassle
Damn it’s closed, I’ll order goPuff I guess get some wine
Mmmmm crap wine
Aw :( why was ur weekend shitty 
I just got home !!!
But I’m jealous what wine do I like 
I got Pinot Grigio 
not bad !!
Go puff wouldn’t give me my stuff cause my ID is expired
Hey baby, I feel like trash, tell me something good, I just want to smile
I need like a hug, but from your words
what’s wrong :(
￼
Kitty says she love u
L
Cutie
They wouldn’t even let me have my meats and cheeses, they took the whole order back
And today was horrible. I freaked out because I’m just not doing all the things I’m supposed to, and I felt like garbage so I just payed in bed and belly aches and then I didn’t get my foods. You know just feeling sorry for myself
Just want to feel good for a minute
Disliked “They wouldn’t even let me have my meats and cheeses, they took the whole order back”
:( I’m sorry why do u think you’ve been distracted??
Do u think bc of me ?? 
The bed in my room is breaking, and as the frame slowly spreads apart the memory foam will soon eat me
Choke my out like the dirty whore I am memory foam
I want to b engulfed in memory foam 
Plssss
No, I took something a little harder than caffeine to get some work done but the crash was brutal
:/ I’m sorry lovey 
I feel you 
U just need some tlc 
Smooch
I need some love too 
I’m exhausted:(
￼
ommmg 
I just wanted to get wine drink and go to sleep and now I have to think about my actions
Which were bad cause I’m bad
Booooooo consequences 
no bby u deserve the wine 
let your mind rest 
If the bed eats me you can have all my computers
I would never let that happen :)
also what time is it ? My clock might be wrong 
9
There’s a fourth secret computer and a VR headset, there yours, this bed or my melancholy will surely take me 
I fell asleep bby 
I know, I wanted to text you more, but I didn’t want to bother you
I feel a bit better, I found some hiding tequila
Friendly reminder, you’re gorgeous, smart and intuitive.
Thank you, for being there
Loved “Friendly reminder, you’re gorgeous, smart and intuitive.”
Fell asleep again but ♥️
You’re sweet
Good morning love 
Morning
￼
Omg did u sleep well
Until about 5
my cats were going crazy they missed me hehe 
I have to go to work:(
Bummer
don’t wanna go:(
Same
￼
Pretty Kitty
And the Cat’s nice too
Loved “Pretty Kitty”
I hope your days good 
Mwah 
It’s long 
Don’t wanna b here
I keep falling  asleep
in this chair
I wish you didn’t have to be
One day 😊
I just sent a bill for 3 grand out. We’ll do something fun when it gets paid.
Who knows when that is though,  businesses aren’t like people, they never pay shit on time 
I have a bed again
Let the healing commence
Loved “I wish you didn’t have to be”
Loved “Who knows when that is though,  businesses aren’t like people, they never pay shit on time ”
Are u still staying in the same place ? 
I wish I had an adderall I have so much to do
I need to get my life back together after the trip and make a todo list 
Disliked “Are u still staying in the same place ? ”
Laughed at “I wish I had an adderall I have so much to do”
Liked “I need to get my life back together after the trip and make a todo list ”
Nah I’ll probably have you pick out the next place 
Ooooo
How are you sweetheart 
Are you off work?
just got off 
On my way! Home 
Yay
Finally 
Think I’ll order door dash
ooo what u gonna get 
Calypso Cafe maybe
Maybe something middle eastern
Loved “Calypso Cafe maybe”
Never have had that
I have so much to do around the house :(
My friend sent me a gift in the mail and they r nipple rings 
￼
They r aliens 
They’re great.
I spend a lot of time thinking about you, and I want what’s vest for you.
Are you sure you want to meet me? It’s ok if you don’t, I wouldn’t be upset, I don’t feel you owe me anything.
i do want to meet u im just a nervous girl 🥺 I deal w major anxiety so I’m sure I’ll b fine once we actually meet but I just suck at meeting new people 
Yeah, your sure? Is there something I can do to help?
Look, I get it if your scared cause you think I’m a murderer or something, that’s terrifying. Or even if your just worried about first impressions. And I want you to be happy.
idk why I’m anxious i just am !! I know you’ll probably b so nice I just have to get past my emotions haha 
Alright well. I’m here if you get it figured out. Christmas is just not my favorite thing you know. It’s a little rough.
:( it feels selfish of me I should b keeping you company 
I didn’t want to give you an ultimatum or something like that, that’s not fair. I told you in the beginning we should be ally’s not adversaries and I meant it. I don’t want to guilt you, I just want to be aware of what’s happening. That you want to keep going. And yes I’d like you to be present, but I also understand your anxious.
i know but I care for you and don’t want you to feel alone :( 
:)
I made it to the liquor store today and I’ve almost finished making my order, I’ll live.
You’re so good to me I want to b good to you too 🥺
Well do you want something from door dash? 
im not really hungry I ate around 2 at work 
but thank u sm 😢
I understand it’s difficult for you to take this step, and I didn’t want to make a deal out of it like this. I’m sorry.
please don’t apologize!! 
￼
hehe so presh 
I’m trying to setup my PlayStation controller and can’t 
Lol
:( it’s hard 
Yeah technology is difficult
DoorDash is almost here. Which means my booze chaser is almost here
Which means I’ll probably spend a lot more time admiring the picture you sent me. I hat that I derailed that conversation. You’re so lovely, why would I do that?
You are so gorgeous.
I get to look at you all day while I work. It’s the best view
what’d you end up getting on DoorDash? 
Also what chaser/drink 
Bellagio’s, Coca Cola, vodka
Loved “Bellagio’s, Coca Cola, vodka”
what a combo 
im really sorry you have to spend the holidays alone though, now u have me all sad :( just know you have me !! Please 
my heart is heavy now :( I want you to b happy 
￼
I’m fine, you’re talking. To me right now. That’s all I need.
Hehe big coke and lil coke 
Rawr, I wants a hug. I just want your arm over my shoulder. We would watch something on normal tv, since that’s what’s in the room. Order some Ben and Jerry’s , hopefully that horrible human who wouldn’t give me my order cause of my expired license, would deliver it. We could make fun of her watching her out the window, cause you know it’s been along day and sometimes it’s ok to be a little petty
I does get thirsty
Loved “Rawr, I wants a hug. I just want your arm over my shoulder. We would watch something on normal tv, since that’s what’s in the room. Order some Ben and Jerry’s , hopefully that horrible human who wouldn’t give me my order cause of my expired license, would deliver it. We could make fun of her watching her out the window, cause you know it’s been along day and sometimes it’s ok to be a little petty”
I promise I will see you soon 🥺and make fun of annoying delivery lady
Lol ok
🥰
I can’t connect the dumb controller
Have you tried turning it off and back on?
￼
Loved an image
￼
blockt 
Loook
Looool*
I’m done messing with it I’m  gonna finish cleaning 
￼
hehe that’s me
Someone’s singing Lizzo outside
It amazing
Why men great till they gotta be great?
pls record
She’s gone now 
dammit
Tomorrow is Christmas Eve, are you doing family stuff, or do you do that on Christmas Day, or are you done?
I actually work :/ 
but then have a dinner after at my grandmas 
Fun
sad bc she’s really old
And I don’t wanna see my dad 
Oh, bummer 
yes he
sucks
Dads tend to do that
truly
I felt like garbage last night then my bed collapsed and it got worse and worse then some dude showed up and fixed my bed, and after a nap. I felt so much better. I mean my legs still fucked and my back is sore but I was so much more mentally clear.
I thought u just slept really good
I didn’t know it broke!!!
￼
Yeah it threw me out
:o 
I rolled on to the floor at like 5 this morning
I wasn’t sure what I was looking at this morning omg
Nooooo
Yeah it looked a lot more severe in person
 Like the one side was on the ground and the other was like foot above the frame
It was good sleep until it threw me out
that’s happened to me before !!! 
And I thought I got enough sleep but I was operating at such a deficit
https://www.instagram.com/bsdpunk/
here is my Instagram don’t know if I’ve sent that before
I love all the photos you send, I cherish them.
hehe sorry forgot to reply 
and good !! Sorry haven’t sent much today I’m greasy rn
Lol, you’re great I’m sure. I love all of them. I love the sexy ones of course, and send those whenever you want cause, damn girl, you fine. But I find a lot of meaning in the other ones. And maybe I’m just being imaginative, but it’s nice to have my own narrative about the pictures. 
I’m going back to Shayne and Kayla’s in between Christmas and New Years, they want me to stay with them like forever. I think they think of me as a pet. Shayne’s birthday is on New Year’s Eve. But you can help me pick a place after that, if you want. 
Do you use your playstation for streaming stuff, or games mostly?
Loved “I’m going back to Shayne and Kayla’s in between Christmas and New Years, they want me to stay with them like forever. I think they think of me as a pet. Shayne’s birthday is on New Year’s Eve. But you can help me pick a place after that, if you want. ”
games 
What do you mostly play?
 It was LoL right?
Of an I getting confused
Seems like I drunkenly remember talking about Dota
That you’ve not played dota maybe? I’m hanging myself over here
Jump in any time 
—-tumble weed rolls by—-
Have you been to mewsickittycafe.com
It’s like coffee, with cats
Cafe Cocoa? The End? (Now out of fear Dusty began Naming places he liked, fearing, she would never return to the conversation)
You know I have technical intelligence, but you may or may not know, I at least believe I can read nonverbal cues from most people very well...maybe not, but you tell me if I’m on the money.
You’re smart. A lot smarter than most people know, maybe that’s not even the word you use, clever may be closer. It’s a social intelligence. 
You have the ability to be violent, I do t think you’re a violent person, but I think given the right situation if needed that’s something you can call on.
Sometimes you experience a bit of disassociation. Sort of watching what you’re doing, rather than doing what your doing.
Your motivations are varied and sometimes conflicted.
How terrible is my read? Could I make it as a palm reader?
omg I am omw to pick up my big sister 
From her boyfriends 
So much family drama 
I’ll fill u in in like an hour
I’m omw to Murfreesboro 
Oh sorry to drop so much silliness on you then
Have fun? I don’t know what the proper whatever is
I look forward to the summation
It’s been an hour, do you have no tea for me
Took me
An hour to get here but her car broke down and she needed jumper things 
Lol
Or sorry, not lol.
Omg 
I was like lol 
I just want sleep
I just want, [inappropriate suggestion] 
which inappropriate suggestions 
The kinds where you don’t say them out loud cause you’re a good person, but like you just want your girl there, so you can politely nonverbally suggest such things and engage in the ones she’s interested in
Loved “The kinds where you don’t say them out loud cause you’re a good person, but like you just want your girl there, so you can politely nonverbally suggest such things and engage in the ones she’s interested in”
hehe I could use some luv 
Just tell me what to do
I’m on it
I was asked to tell a joke at a job interview once. That was the joke
Wow, I see no audio, my bad
Merry Christmas 
Merry Christmas Eve, rather
I fell asleep:( I’m an exhausted girl
Are you awake 
Now I’m awake as duck 
Awake as water foul
￼
No matter how I use this Dildo, it’s uncomfortable 
Omg 
good morning to you 
I have work:(
Morning
Loved an image
I sent a pic but it fifmy work 

You’re lovely. Have a great Christmas Eve. You know I’ll be here thinking about you. I’m sorry you have to work. I do too, I just don’t have to leave my bed🙂
I wish I was in bed :(
My house is clean tho so I get to relax at least 
You have a great day too
Rawr, I’ll be thinking of you. 
￼
Work is dumb
You’re not wrong 
It’s kind of flying by for me 
Not too much longer
Honestly, last night I got so much sleep, what seemed impossible yesterday is getting very much done today
Fuck family, Make Money - new Christmas anthem
Loved “Honestly, last night I got so much sleep, what seemed impossible yesterday is getting very much done today”
I did not get good sleep:(
I think I had such a huge sleep debt, it just pulled me into a deep sleep.
I can’t wait to b cozy when I’m home 
!!!
but then have to go to the fams 
I can’t wait until Work is over, I’m going to get tanked forever ever
￼
Hi babe 
Hello
What’re u up to
I don’t wanna go
Watching you tube videos
Then don’t
I wish 🥺
I mean I ran away to a hotel for Christmas, it can be done
ran away??!!!
Yeah I mean, Shayne and Kayla are having Christmas at there place, I was invited
You should go
Nah, I don’t want to deal with there family.
:/ 
I’m good, don’t worry about me 😊
I think I’m gonna get my nails done :o 
Rawr, take pictures after you do
I think tomorrow I might write some code, maybe try to make something new to sell. I don’t know. Lazy Wednesday.
Of course bb
Whats your ring size?
Hmmm 
... never have gotten a ring for me:
:o
😊
Well for something like that, we’ll have to go shopping then
Loved “Well for something like that, we’ll have to go shopping then”
Idk what to do on my nails 
I don’t have a deep knowledge of nails, and nail accessories.
However, someone once told me, gold looks good on olive skin
If that helps.
Loved “However, someone once told me, gold looks good on olive skin”
I know what I’m getting
Whatever it is, it will suit you and your style. You always look amazing.
You’re the best 
I’m trying to pick out a suit, but look at these guys checking each other out￼
Loved an image
Omg 
A suit for what 
If I have to go to work next month, I might have to pretend I’m an adult man
In San Antonio I mean
Loved “If I have to go to work next month, I might have to pretend I’m an adult man”
Oh darn 
￼I kinda love this overcoat
Me too !!
I have a mild colorblindness I have a problem with grey and green blending, so I have to be careful 😊
I couldn’t imagine being colorblind 
Yeah it doesn’t effect me much except when I’m like wearing a hunter green shirt and a dark grey pant, “This matches”
I hope you have the best Christmas Eve, baby. And if you don’t I’ll make sure you get whatever you’re missing.
I go to Charleston every now and then to meet up with friends I left behind. We could do that sometime, Charleston’s beautiful. Or if you know somewhere you wanna go in the US, we could do that. We can go outside the US it just takes a bit more planning for me. I can pretty much leave for US travel any time.
￼
Loved “I hope you have the best Christmas Eve, baby. And if you don’t I’ll make sure you get whatever you’re missing.”
Loved “I go to Charleston every now and then to meet up with friends I left behind. We could do that sometime, Charleston’s beautiful. Or if you know somewhere you wanna go in the US, we could do that. We can go outside the US it just takes a bit more planning for me. I can pretty much leave for US travel any time.”
I want to leave the country 
We can do that, we just have to plan it.
￼
As always your style impresses. You are so gorgeous.
Where do you want to go, outside the US?
Anywhere 🥺
I have friends in the Netherlands, Brussels, and Australia. And I’ve always wanted to go to Spain and France.
Loved “I have friends in the Netherlands, Brussels, and Australia. And I’ve always wanted to go to Spain and France.”
I’ve always wanted to go to Spain
A real fucked up part of me wants to see Ukraine, Russia and Eastern Europe. But that’s more of morbid thing.
See my slavic roots 😊
Yeah, Spain has good food.
Most of Europe does
El Bulli, is in Spain, it was at one time regarded as the best restaurant in the world.
There’s a lot of beautiful places in Spain. And tapas in Spain is more bar related than we think of it here. It makes more sense in that context I think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCNvZqpa-7Q
In 2008 I released a hiphop album
As far as I know all of the songs are destroyed, except for one. Would you like to hear it?
You can tell them anything, if you make it funny, and you make it rhyme
￼
Merry Christmas. You deserve the world.
I fell asleep babe 
I’m awake !!
Morning
Loved “In 2008 I released a hiphop album”
😁
Good morning !!! I slept so much omg 
Good, I’m glad
Seems like you needed it
i did !!! 
How are you 
Good, glad I get to talk to you 
￼
You are so goddamn gorgeous every picture blows me away.
￼
Not cute rn
Merry Christmas 
I wish I could get u something 
Very cute
Your pictures are enough 
￼
Rawr, I was looking for something for you last night...
everything you do for me is enough babe 
I don’t want to do enough, I want to do everything for you
I don’t want to make you ok, I want you to be complete
I want us to fix anything that’s wrong in your life, and find every facet you have to express yourself
Loved “I want us to fix anything that’s wrong in your life, and find every facet you have to express yourself”
🥺🥺
￼
Me missing you
I think your the only one who should send pictures, looks like my damn eyelashes are hiding
Took a picture of myself shirtless and thought, don’t send that, you don’t have abs 
￼Guess I’ll send it anyway, lie to me, tell me I’m ok 🙂 
Loved an image
Loved “I think your the only one who should send pictures, looks like my damn eyelashes are hiding”
you’re not fat tho why be ashamed 
perfect cuddle 
🥰
send me all the pics you want 
my fam is fighting -_- 
Sorry, families suck
it does 
Your nails look amazing I don’t know if I said anything last night. They scratched me in my dreams.
I’m sorry your family is fighting, that’s a big reason I’m not a fan of Christmas.
My parents screamed a lot. I am not a fan.
yes i think I’m about to leave here
You do what’s best for you.
I’m going to lay here, and daydream of you.
it makes me sad but like ?? Idk 
I’m sorry. You can’t control the people around you, and sometimes separating from them, temporarily, is better than staying near toxicity. 
Know your loved, and not alone whatever you choose.
￼
It’s a puppy, it makes you happy 
Loved an image
Did I ever tell you, you make me smile, you’re good to me, and it makes me happy. 
Loved “I’m sorry. You can’t control the people around you, and sometimes separating from them, temporarily, is better than staying near toxicity. ”
I wish I was cuddling a puppy 🥺
Loved “Did I ever tell you, you make me smile, you’re good to me, and it makes me happy. ”
im so happy i can make u smile !!
￼
Eeeee
￼
Loved an image
You’re amazing.
hehe what’re u up
To
 Just day dreaming about you
With a stupid grin on my face
I’m eating woop! 
I need weed
I could go for something relaxing
I was thinking a Valium, but weeds good
i might sneak away and smoke 
Imma sneak away and look at pictures of you
You are delightful, I hope you were able to sneak away and that your family calmed down 
I had a nap
￼
There are still puppies on the tv
I did sneak away
also 🥺
Puppies 
￼
So many puppies
Holy shot 
It’s a barrel of puppies
They come in barrels now
What is wrong with me, I’ve had it on the puppy channel for like 6 hours
I wouldn’t even care 
What’s the puppy channel
I think now that YouTube is more popular than tv, tv is trying to be YouTube
Wish you were here watching puppies with me
Loved “I think now that YouTube is more popular than tv, tv is trying to be YouTube”
I’m watching a shitty hallmark movi 
Is it a blonde lady and a handsome guy
It’s actually the girl from mean girls
Wow
I know 
Terrible 
What’s up
Puppies
Intermittent napping
You know Christmas stuff
I wannna napppp
Do eet
Helping granny clean 
Hi 
Hi gorgeous 
What are you up to
Finished cleaning?
Making myself some toast
I am finished 
You going back home, or staying with your family.
I’m going home soon 
i don’t wanna work tomorrow
:(
I have the option, so I think I will. I’m sorry you have to 
Loved “I have the option, so I think I will. I’m sorry you have to ”
it’s okay ill make it 
If I bill strong for the 21st through the 7th, We’ll have one hell of a January
I wish u the best of luck ♥️
💋
I’ll b with u through the process !!!
You better👍
I don’t think I understand emojis
￼
Lol, liar liar
I think you understand them !!
￼
Love ur bitmoji!!
￼
Idkwhere mine is 
Made it through another Christmas, yay!
Same !!! 
My family is literally crazy
I do not doubt it.
haha my dad just got out of jail and my sis has bpd 
So that’s like extra fun. 
yes 
So much 
My parents are...narcissists maybe. I’m sure my mom is bipolar or borderline. I don’t think there’s a name for what my dad is. Unless mean son of a both is in the new DSM
Bitch*
Omg 
We haven’t had a family Christmas since my Grandma died
Family just crazy 
Can’t chose where u came from 
Yeah
Oh well we can just thrive !!
Yep, I had a great Christmas I slept all day and talked to you
I think I’m gonna drive home soon but I don’t wanna 
Aww
I think I’m gonna buy adderall from this dude while I’m here
I wish I had a script 
Heh, same
I can usually get like 3 days work done on it. But then I crash, so is it worth it?
It’s about the journey not the destination I’m told 
It just makes me not want to die at work 
That sounds awful
haha 
It isn
I wish I could have a job where I don’t leave 
So your voice can crack after not talking for a week? 😁
yes 
Lol, it’s kinda the bomb. I used to work for the Government, same deal. Then they wanted me to come in twice a week.
Didn’t want to work for the man, anyway.
Wah I hate being a college student 
I’m sorry, you should just quit everything and live with me.
Not really, you should for sure keep going to school.
trying to be a boss bitch 
Yeah, be one then. Crush that school, and have a job if that’s part of it. I’ll support whatever you want.
Mwah 🥺
Why ‘Mwah’?
You do you
mwah bc ur the best 
But definitely don’t wanna work but idk what else I’d do everyday lol 
I’m taking all online classes next semester tho 
Awesome
I’m taking all online work
Well unless I have to go to San Antonio for a week.
Mostly online work
Loved “I’m taking all online work”
My room mate said I can have some of her evan Williams 
Lol, tastes like high school
haha im sad all the liquor  stores r closed 
Mt Dew and Evan Williams, Saturday night special
I was thinking what should I mix it with 
Get coke or something, 17 year old Dusty was an idiot
I don’t know maybe it did taste good
I used to fucking gargle after a shot, I don’t think I’m to be trusted
There’s like people laughing outside my room or something
￼
Hey beautiful if I get to clingy with text messages feel free to tell me to calm down
I have a lot of time on my hands, not my fault 😳
Hehe I’ll text u when I’m home I’m close 
Omg dam I was waiting on you to text me
And I’m the one at fault !
lol, never. 
￼
Awwwwee kitties
￼
Hehe they missed me 
They are so great
I love them so much !! Like my own kids haha 
￼
They are so adorbs 
￼
Sorry I spammed 
There so cute and young. I bet your a great cat mom.
I try to b 
They r little evil babies 
That’s cars
Cats*
￼
 Puppies still on tv
R u still in the same place idk if I asked 
Yeah I leave in the morning
My vacay from the holiday will be over
Then to Shayne And Kayla’s until the Nee Year, then onward and upward.
New*
Loved “Then to Shayne And Kayla’s until the Nee Year, then onward and upward.”
Yay I forgot who r Shayne and Kayla to u
Or maybe I never asked 
Shayne’s my best friend and occasional business partner
Kayla is his wife
U did tell me
You’ll meet them if you want
of course !!
Shayne’s a mess but I’ve never met anyone who didn’t like him.
as an I
Am 
Might be my type. 
😁
You’re not a mess
You’re a boss bitch
You got a job, you’re going to school, that shits hard
Is a struggle, you ever got someone older come at you saying otherwise, they’re wrong. People get old and lose perspective 
Loved “You’re a boss bitch”
yes my family love to act like I sit around and smoke all day
Older people forget it was harder when they were young
They’re myopic assholes, it’s why the world is so fucked up. As you get older and more established everything gets easier 
And they can’t remember, being young sucks
Your at the prime of your life, your smarter and stronger than them. But you have no resources. Experience does mean a lot but just cause your old doesn’t mean you have any.
Be proud girl, you doing it. A lot harder than your family thinks.
Loved “They’re myopic assholes, it’s why the world is so fucked up. As you get older and more established everything gets easier ”
Loved “Be proud girl, you doing it. A lot harder than your family thinks.”
You smoke every now and the, who the fuck cares, we all need a little relief now and again
you’re always know what to say!!! 
Should I pour my lil drink 
I don’t know nothing, except you’re a boss butch.
Bitch
Yeah have a Christmas drink
Ty the best
why b a sad bitch when you can be a bad bitch 
Yeah
Anybody telling you, you don’t have it hard, fuck those people.
Loved “Anybody telling you, you don’t have it hard, fuck those people.”
R u still on the puppy channel 
￼
I want to stream puppies 
I am watching stand up on my computer, though 
Look, your a goddamn delight and anyone who doesn’t see that is wrong.
For whatever reason, most people can’t see what I read, I don’t know much but I read you as complex, and socially intelligent. I see you as someone who can grow. You have potential. 
why you being so thoughtful 😢😢 no one ever tells me that 
I could cry 
That’s you, it’s who you are. My soft people skills are the worst, except reading people. You have that rare thing in a person, the ability to become more.
It’s just part of you.
I’m enamored with you, not because your beautiful, because you could be something amazing. And for whatever reason, you showed interest in me. I feel like if I can, I am obligated to help you unlock your best parts.
Also you’re beautiful, so that’s like...you know, also great
I absolutely love talking to you. You make me feel so important and loved 🥺
You are loved and you are important 
And you will be more import 
Ant
U is kind u is smat u is important 
￼
what stand up are u watching 
Some bullshit dry bar on youtube
I was watching Louis Katz which was hilarious
what is dry bar 
I’m also about to unload my car and clean up for a moment so I can drink my drank in peace 
I’m so ocd haha
It’s like a no swearing stand up, which obviously isn’t my thing, but if you can be funny and clean you usually can be funny anytime
Loved “It’s like a no swearing stand up, which obviously isn’t my thing, but if you can be funny and clean you usually can be funny anytime”
Oh I’ve never heard of that 
Mmm drinking my drank right now
You really need to know it about yourself, you have something, you are special. It was beat out of me and it took me a bit to remember.
Loved “Mmm drinking my drank right now”
Yes I had a terrible childhood so I lost sight of my goals for a bite
Bit 
It happens
I honestly think trauma is a part of it
A part of what yields an amazing person
I mean maybe not. But when I see it in people, I typically see trauma too.
Loved “A part of what yields an amazing person”
I think the same ! 
I don’t make good money cause I followed some path, it’s because I’m fucked up and I can see a path others can’t 
But I believe in you I want to support you
Loved “I don’t make good money cause I followed some path, it’s because I’m fucked up and I can see a path others can’t ”
Maybe I can see the path 🤓 
💋
You will
okay I need to get up and clean up a bit 
Forcing myself
Ok I’m here when you’re done unless I pass out
Pls don’t pass out 
Ok I will resist
I’ll buy you a green dress, but not a real green dress, cause that’s just cruel
Facebook.com/bsdpunk
Why green 
It’s lyrics from a bare naked ladies song
I added u 
Oh dam I’m not cultured 
Same
￼
Love this scent 

Can’t read the label
Pink sands 
Rawr good to know
So gorgeous, you deserve so much 
I’m showering rn I’ll send u a cute pic after 
Rawr, y I so good to me
Bc you’re the rhat h
Best ** omg 
Rawr
￼
￼
￼
Rawr
Loved an image
Your amazing 
Do you know what is more amazing than you?
Because I don’t 
Want to lick you up and down like a dinner plate 
Your worth a celebration 
I’m going to make you as happy as you let me, you’re very special, and I’ll help you as best I can
You are more than I deserve
I fell asleep bby 
Good morning 
I’m sleeping for another hour 
lol
Why r u up 
No idea
I’m kinda hungry 🥺 
I hate waking up before my alarm 
I found Cheetos
the puffy kind ?
Unfortunately no
it’s okay I forgive u
Ur the best
￼
Rawr
Can’t believe I have to work
U have the same name as my manager 
Dusty?
Dustin 
￼
Nobody calls me Dustin though 
Oh okie 
I’ll listen 
Woop !! 
Do you like edm ? 
I only like some some of it sounds like shit 
But manic focus is one of my favs 
￼This song is better 
I like most genres. For sure I have listened to some EDM in my day
I’m seeing bassnectar on New Years
Jesus weren’t they big like 10 years ago
Yess 
Lol, I remember I was working at Mars and my roommate wanted me to go
can’t wait to go
I need an outfit 
gots 2 b trippy 
😝
i think I might trip

Everyone says it’s a great show 
The last time I did acid I had a muscle spasm it was terrible
But you do you boo, you don’t have a 35 year old body
oh hell no that would b terrible 
and I dabble in psychedelixz 
Yeah it was unpleasant
I’m sorry that happened 
No worries, 🤣
I wouldn’t know what to do
I used to do acid once a quarter 
But now I’m like, nah I’ll pass
Ecstasy/molly now and again though, sounds not so bad
A quarter ? 
Every 4 months
I like sassafras’s better 
Oh lol
I was like I’d this some terminology 
But mostly, mostly I just want a hug from you 
I could use one 
Rawr
dreading work 
Have to b there at 6:30
Bullshit
That sucks
No one needs gravy that early
maybe me :( 
My legs r shaved I feel so yummy 
Ok, you have my attention 
￼
Mmmmmm
silky bby 
I would commit an atrocity just to be near you right now
eee I could use some attention 
Did u listen to those songs 
There is not a part of you I wouldn’t lick 
F’real is on now
They remind me of girl talk 
Loved “There is not a part of you I wouldn’t lick ”
I’m ticklish 
I want to know which parts 
Sounds like an exploratory mission
To kiss and lick you up and down, I think about it everyday 
it’s mostly by my hips and feet 
Rawr
Christmas is over thank god 
Almost new month! 
Yeah
oh no that means rent 
fuck that shit 
Lol how much 
I just want to live in a van 
650 
#vanlyf
Jesus that’s nothing
nothing ?? :,( half my paycheck 
Smh 
A little less than half 
I pay 2k a month for a hotel room
you should look at apartments in the gulch 
lol, probably
they r so nice 
And I could deliver u biscuits 
I’d order your biscuits all day long
I’m gonna get ready now 
￼
Listen to this for me 
And think of me 
Ok I’m gonna think about your shaved legs now
Will do
okie hurry and listen I’m excited for you to hear 
￼
Eeee
Did you enjoy it :(
￼
I swear though
I’m confused 
Yeah baby
hehe good
I’m listening to undr the sheets now
Same group
Phhhh
I see babe 
Midnight snack reminds me of some outsider music I used to listen too
Loved “Midnight snack reminds me of some outsider music I used to listen too”
I’m not getting ready I’m watching gorillaz videos ahhhh
Lol
I saw them last year it was amazzzing 
So so so good
Danger mouse is the fucking best
The Grey Album is goddamn amazing
idk what that is
￼
But for real this dildo...
Danger mouse is there producer
He does them and cee lo green and gnarls Barkley
The Greg Album is Danger Mouse mixing Jay Z’s black album and The Beatles’ white album together
It’s fucking , the best
Grey*
He’s heating up - Midnight Snack, two thumbs up
Rawr, needs a a hug from you
Needs an anything from you. Your so amazing
￼
That’s me right now, goofy as duck, wanting you
Fuck*
Smooch, I hope you have the best day
Good night baby, I’m going to catch a little more sleep before I have to leave. Know that you’re intelligent, intuitive, talented, and gorgeous.
Omg okay bby I’m abt to go to work
￼
Beautiful you
Do I look tired 
Also should I take addy 
Idk 
Not if it makes you want to die
￼
Back with the Shayla
Won’t load
￼
I couldn’t get there big ass St. Bernard in this picture
Loved an image
The pupper!!
I’m so tired how are you working today. Seems impossible
￼
it is impossible 
I’m dying 
I’m sorry
I’m abt to leave 
Well that’s good
Kinda early 
￼
Liked an image
So dead inside 
Watching 90 day fiancé with Kayla
I love that show
Liked “I love that show”
I would be lying if I said I didn’t
It’s so great 


￼
Finally driving home 
I’m so dead u don’t even know 
Manual labor sucks
Kayla says her goal for 2020, is just to get hella tattoos
Oh same for me 
:)
Mmmn changing and washing my face 
Might need a nap
Sounds good, I know I’ve rested my eyes a little today
￼
Rawr, I’m so lucky. 
I feel so gross 
You look amazing, I’m sorry you do t feel well
Or sorry you feel gross, I mean.
Thank you for the photo 
￼
Mwah 
￼
Loved an image
Loved an image
Loved an image
Just need some tlc 
How’s ur relaxing going 
You deserve some
It’s good, lively conversation about 90 day
I want to watch something fun 
I was going to start love island but my ex roomie kicked me off her Hulu 
Lol
hard knock life 
I can pay for a Hulu account of you want you want one
I would cry 
Bsdpunkblog@gmail.com
Horse##1984
Let me know if that works
Works? Yes, no?
it did !! Sorry I can’t find my remote lol
I downloaded an app with a remote 
Lol
And it has commercials 
Hmm, the remote has commercials?
I choose the Ad less option on Hulu.
Maybe I did something wrong
Loved “I choose the Ad less option on Hulu.”
No the remote isn’t on the Hulu 
Ok, just let me know if I need to do anything
Watching ex on the beach now, I think Kayla might be a bad influence 
￼
Loved an image
You’re to good to me
I’m a sleep bench 
I’m a tv watching couch
￼
Rawr, I’m loving the photos today
Well I always love them
￼I might wear this 
Looks good
You always look good though
My friend said it didnt match 
So you thought you’d ask the guy who is mildly colorblind 😝
😢😢
￼
Puppets 
Puppersss 
Now watching love island 
Liked “Now watching love island ”
I wish it was dark my nap would b better 
Awww
So close 
I have been neglecting myself 
I haven’t eaten like all day 
Awww, don’t do that
now nothing sounds good
:(
🥺 what are u going to eat 
I don’t know, I think Kayla made meatballs
ooo Italian 
I got my skin prescription today, hopefully I can fix my fucked up face.
Ur face isn’t fucked up
don’t say that b:(
Fucked up might be a bit harsh, but my skin is not good
I have acne meds 2 
It’s like I turned 35 and my body went, let’s up the acne
That sounds not fun 
This shit burns, is it supposed to burn
yes 
Awesome well I guess I’ll be awake in the morning
that means it’s working ! 
Find some food! We can’t both neglect ourselves :)
Idk what I want 🥺
I’m just going to nap 
:(
maybe I’ll dream of food 
Then wake up and know what to eat 
I know it’s nothing but it was just sitting in my cash account. 
Wha 
I just cash apped you a pathetic amount of money
Oh I didn’t even see🥺
Thank u♥️
GoPuff thinks I’m a lady they sent me a summers eve cleansing cloth with my wine
￼
Loved an image
Complimentary 
GoPuff thinks I’m “talk to the manager” Karen
No one likes Karen’s
Lol
My mom used to have that hair cut 
Give me, the Karen
hehe 
Alright sweetheart, I’m on my last glass of wine so, goodnight, know you are smart, wonderful, and gorgeous 
I just woke up 
Hiiii 
Hello beautiful 
I’m so sleepy still 
I’m sorry
I’m comfy at least 🍯
You deserve to be comfy 
You deserve so much
I’ll be here to make sure you get what you need
🥺 you’re so sweet to me 
You deserve it 
￼
Kayla over there drink nkomg her drank
:$
Ooo what drank 
A milk shake
yummy af 
￼
The Shayne
the dog :,)
Rawr 
Miss you
￼
 Rawr
Mwah 
What should I eat
Whatever you want, I would literally give ANYTHING to just kiss your stomach 
Should I get something delivered 
I want healthy and light bc I don’t want it to make me feel terrible 
Loved “Whatever you want, I would literally give ANYTHING to just kiss your stomach ”
Aw don’t b asleep :(
I just calculated my monthly bills and it’s scary 
1398
Hope your wine hangover isn’t too bad 🥺
Smooch
Hi 

Why you awake
I took that nap yesterday so I woke up early
On accident 
￼Ordered this for bassnectar idk what I’m going to wear under 
probably something green 
😻

I’m scared tho won’t like it 
It was only 15 dollars 🥺 so I feel like they have it on sale bc it sucks
We’ll see 
1398 is doable, it wouldn’t be hard to give you two payments of 750 a month.
I get paid twice a month and 1398 is like one of my paychecks 
I’m going to take a mini nap before I have to work at 8 
Ok baby, I’ll go back to sleep too, know you are wonderful
Don’t want to work
I know
I’m sorry 
Just have Saturday Sunday Monday 🥺
￼
Me as fuck!
Wish you were here
Lay on the couch all day and watch Chopped, or bones , or some other garbage tv...so I don’t have to think 
I love chopped 
I know :)
￼
Have a good day today ♥️
You as well. Thank you
Loved an image
Today might go by a lil faster
I hope it does
Me too 
I have so much on my to do list :(
Awww 
My list: lay on couch
I’m jealous 
One of the bills I sent out, becomes overdue today. I hope I don’t have to yell at someone. Would really cramp my whole laying on the couch vibe.
￼
￼
￼
Let’s buy a pony
Oh no 
I’ll yell at them for u 
It’s fine they just sent the transfer
No yelling necessary
￼
Looking for a gold one
hehe 
U know me 
￼
Do you think you’ll want a laptop or Cash next week
If you wait on the laptop until the middle of the month, I think we can both be more comfortable for the first two weeks of January, then I can get the MacBook in the middle of the month.
Whatever makes you happy, is fine 
Hmmm cash would b good because my rent is due next week 
And omg I can’t believe you’re helping me with a MacBook
I’ve always wanted one :(
Great!
Yeah no problem you deserve it
My classes start at the end of January so that’s perfect !!!
They r all online
I can take care of your rent, probably on the first, I don’t know how long that check will take to clear. The 2nd at the latest I’m sure.
And of course I’ll find you some extra goodies, throughout
We can talk more about it, this evening whenever you aren’t busy, I just want to make sure your happy.
Loved “And of course I’ll find you some extra goodies, throughout”
Yes love I’ll talk to u layer 
Finally home 
Yay
Sorry your day was so busy
it’s okay at least I have all night now ! 
Work just makes me a sleepy gal 
:)
Lol I’m so tired of stuffing all my clothes away 
I don’t own a dresser
Bummer
 I dot. Even want one bc my room looks cute as is 
Lol 
Lol
I love it
how was your day 
Stupid, I didn’t do anything
aw 
nottttthing 
Not anything
I’ll probably do some work this weekend.
Aw well at least u go to relax 
Yeah
Are u okay:(
Yeah, are you?
Yes I was just wondering 
So, I could help you with rent,  like 700, on the 1st or 2nd, if that’s ok with you.
I do need to meet you in person though, even if’s just Starbucks or something.
yes we can meet soon! I just work everyday until Tuesday then going to see bassnectar
Will b free much more when the year ends 
Ok sounds good
you’re the best fr 🥺
I genuinely want good things for you, I don’t want to sap your energy, or take to much of your time. But of course I do want to spend time with you. 🙃
yes I totally get that:) 
Loved “yes I totally get that:) ”
I’m doing laundry :/ 
Laundry is a bummer
I know you’re tired and don’t stress your self over me, but if you get an opportunity, I’d love some more pictures.
￼
Don’t ever feel bad for asking for a pic
😁
I have to go get kitty litter and paper towels 
Boo...prime now
And my friend a gift for Christmas but idk if I’m gonna do that tonight
Omg I’ve never primed 
Anything in an hour, it’s magical
Oh yeah people give gifts on Christmas 
Idk if I even have prime 
We’ll put you on mine or something
I got excited I thought Kayla was putting on a hallmark movie... nope, hockey
omg hallmark movies r hell
Lol, but that fireman really loves his cat, and that girl is cute but she doesn’t know it
Loved “Lol, but that fireman really loves his cat, and that girl is cute but she doesn’t know it”
perfect description 
Let me prime 3 things to mi casa from ur prime 
Lol, you going to use your card, I don’t think I have any money on the cards on my account.
Yes 
💌
Sure, let me find my password
mwah 
Dustycarver@gmail.com
Horse##1984
Primenow.amazon.com
Make sure your address is applicable first, would hate for you to pick out your order, and they’re not going to deliver
Also would be weird if kitty litter showed up here :)
I’m pretty sure I still have a shipt membership too, if you ever need that.
What is shipt 
Groceries, you choose Publix or Kroger’s then some asshole texts you contstantly asking about substitutions 
Kayla is way to excited about hockey
Omg that sounds terrible 
Yes. Both things.
￼
Holy shit 
That’s so true 
Where’s the lady from mean girls
￼
wow these are great 
￼
I would b in for that 
Sorry I’ve been cleaning my makeup brushes 
Lol fun
You do you
Haven’t worn makeup in forever bc foundation spilt in my bag and got all over everything 
I was going to get you some jeffree star stuff, but then I realized I’m an adult man and that not only sends the wrong message, but also what the fuck do I know about makeup
I just like Jeffree Star
I found a gold and black ring but it was an engagement ring, like yikes
￼
Gift shopping is perilous 
No he’s racist we don’t like him 
That ring is cool as fuck tho
Oh my, I did not know this
Why is everyone so fucking problematic 
True 
Apparently he tweeted the n word
Well Christ
Why men great till they gotta be great
that song haunts me 
Lol
It’s everywhere 
Kayla plays it whenever we get drunk
haha I can see it being a hype song 
We have this card game, truth or drink.
It’s no fun anymore cause like we know each other to well.
We should play sometime though, I mean you know, after we’re closer. Obviously probably not a good idea early on.
Reminder: you’re wonderful, smart and beautiful 
Loved “We should play sometime though, I mean you know, after we’re closer. Obviously probably not a good idea early on.”
I’ve never heard of the game but just googled it 
and it sounds fun!!! 
Established drinking game 
Also :,)
Oh shit I forgot I have a DnD game tomorrow
Anyway, I’m sorry your so busy.  Hopefully on Wednesday, or whenever we can meet up. Something small so your not so anxious.
     If there’s anything I can do to help, make you less anxious/apprehensive let me know.
Loved “Anyway, I’m sorry your so busy.  Hopefully on Wednesday, or whenever we can meet up. Something small so your not so anxious.”
I actually feel better and better about it as the days pass
 Well that’s good. I imagine I dont come off very axe murdery as the days pass.😜
And you know, if we get to a point and your not comfortable with going further, I’m not going to be angry, or anything like that. If you’re not comfortable, I assure you, I’m not having fun either.
I don’t know if that makes things better or worse, but I’m being sincere. 
Loved “ Well that’s good. I imagine I dont come off very axe murdery as the days pass.😜”
Thank u so much for respecting me D 🥺
You deserve it, part of all this, is wanting to be in a relationship, in which your helping. And I don’t think having an adversarial, argument about , money and sex and what “You owe me”, whether it’s me or you, could be successful. I think if we just talk about our needs each couple of weeks, we can have a successful relationship. Right now, I understand you have the most to lose, you’re putting a lot on the line. So I’m going to be as patient as I can, and if you decide this isn’t a thing you want that, im not that guy, that’s fine. But hopefully I can be that guy, and I’ll help you as much as I can. And hopefully you can stand by me. 
I think you’re great, and you have potential and I want you to be happy. 
yes i want to b a person you can trust :) I think we get along very easily 
I think so too. I’m glad
Story time: I used to live in Charleston, I got a great paying job there, lived out of a hotel, and it was great. I loved the people I worked with. I loved the work I was doin. Slowly over time though, I realized a lot of the things I was doing seemed Shady.  3 months in I had everything put together and realized every aspect of what we were doing was either illegal or very close to. I left but I didn’t say anything other than warm my friends that worked there. They didn’t believe me. They got fucked. One of them realized what I said was true, turned evidence over to the FBI and the company sued them. After that I sent all the evidence I had to the FBI and talked to the Wall Street Journal a few times. And that’s probably my most boring story.
Loved “Story time: I used to live in Charleston, I got a great paying job there, lived out of a hotel, and it was great. I loved the people I worked with. I loved the work I was doin. Slowly over time though, I realized a lot of the things I was doing seemed Shady.  3 months in I had everything put together and realized every aspect of what we were doing was either illegal or very close to. I left but I didn’t say anything other than warm my friends that worked there. They didn’t believe me. They got fucked. One of them realized what I said was true, turned evidence over to the FBI and the company sued them. After that I sent all the evidence I had to the FBI and talked to the Wall Street Journal a few times. And that’s probably my most boring story.”
no that’s a great story wtf 
What exactly were u dojng 
So there’s a bunch of boring stuff, shit like helping spam, and IPv4 abuse(which is what took them down), they helped run a bunch of VPNs and intentionally mishandled warrants, for kiddy porn(which was terrible and why I left and turned evidence in, I didn’t at the time understand what they were doing cause this wasn’t part of the tech.) And the Wall Street journal believes they helped terrorist hackers, but I can’t confirm that.
I think the terrorist thing is just cause the owner is brown. I never saw anything like that happening. The child stuff, I knew we were getting to many warrants for that. But I thought it was just cause we helped run VPNs. I didnt know they were intentionally making sure warrants didn’t make it. But with the little I knew it sleeves me out.
Skeeved*
It was the biggest reason I left and after my friends left I went straight to the FBI
But it was the IPv4 stuff that took them down, and that’s all the press ever covers.
https://www.cyberscoop.com/micfo-spam-amir-golestan-arin-ip-fraud/
I keep waiting for the Wall Street journal to release something, I’ll end up hacker royalty if they ever do.
Oh and the first time I contacted the FBI they didn’t even want to hear about it.
Months later a different agent contacts me and apologized 
Loved “It was the biggest reason I left and after my friends left I went straight to the FBI”
Loved “I keep waiting for the Wall Street journal to release something, I’ll end up hacker royalty if they ever do.”
that’s crazy
How did u even get in contact w the fbi 
I go to a lot of hacker conventions, they’re always lurking around. When Victoria(yeah same name) said she quit, it was October, which is when the big TN hacker con is. So I went there, found a talk and grabbed an agent.
So now you know a silly thing about me.
I’ve lived all over the country, Ann Arbor, San Antonio, Phillidelphia et cetera
I always end up back here though 
Just moved cause of work, I used to take any job that would pay for relocation
I want to go far away 
I’ve been here for too long 
We can do that, if it turns out to be something you want to do with me. I don’t have a problem with that.
:) I need to get my passport 
Same
a goal 
We can also just vacay all over the country if you can get time off. Im sure well have to plan a little, but there’s no reason we can’t take a week here and there.
I ended up going to the store 
Bummer, I never got a text that your stuff was delivered 
Did it make it?
it cancelled :/ I was using a gift card and apparently it wasn’t activated 
Bummer
I know 
Sorry that happened, next week you can just use my card if you need something.
I can use mine babe :) just had a visa gift card 
Cool 
but I’m dreading going into the store 
dusty.... I have neglected myself again 
I hate it for you.
Bright lights 
I’m sitting in the parking lot 
:(
I won’t go out, no sir, I don’t like it.
When did the world get so toxic, just getting groceries feels like an assault.
I guess I never remember it being all that great
lmao 3 old men talked to me
Like bye 
Awww
I don’t wanna carry stuff inside it’s the worst 
Lol, Shayne’s like that
ugh I might do it 
Just bc I have half a joint waiting on me 
Lol, the true motivated
Motivator*
so hunger 
I think I’ll be like an old man and ogle all my pictures of you.
That sounds terrible
omg it was funny tho 
So I guess I want to get something off my dirty mind really quick so we can move on.
That video you sent me, is the sexiest thing I’ve ever seen, and it drives me crazy, to even think about.
Ok, I’ll resume normal function now and try not to talk about all that.
😇
i can make u more videos soon :) 
I would like that very much. 
Is that ok, like yes your very sexy and I am into that, but also I want you to know I respect you, and I hope I never remind you of people cat calling you. Like don’t let me do that.
I mean whatever, I give up sexuality in 2019 is complicated. Your gorgeous your beautiful and I want to consensually enjoy whatever you want to let me.
I want you to feel good.
Loved “Is that ok, like yes your very sexy and I am into that, but also I want you to know I respect you, and I hope I never remind you of people cat calling you. Like don’t let me do that.”
🥺
￼
Your amazing, I think about holding you in my arms all the time.
no one has ever been as sweet to me as you:(
I want good things for you. 
I tried to keep you at arms length when we first started talking, I was trying to figure out what I wanted from this experience. 
And I guess every day for me is hoping that you’re how I think you are. Cause I have fallen so hard.
That you’re who I think you are.*
I hope I’m who you think I am!! 
haha 
Don’t do that, it makes me sad 
idk what to eat at this point nothing sounds good 
I should’ve gotten something while I was at the store 😫
I’m sorry. 
Can’t wait to cook for you
I wish I had some grilled chicken rn 
You deserve it
I’m debating on going back to the store 
Ugh, I wish you lived with me I’d just make you something. 
what would u make ! 
Well if you wanted grilled chicken I would grill chicken 
🥂
I have an electric grill, easy peas lemon squeeze
No pea for me
Probably come back with grilled chicken , a meat and cheese plate, and two glasses of wine 
Loved “Probably come back with grilled chicken , a meat and cheese plate, and two glasses of wine ”
omg stop taunting me 
I’m going to see if I have anything to snack on 
Good girl
Snack on you
Loved “Snack on you”
I have nothing 
Disliked “I have nothing ”
im sad 
I’m so sorry
I’ll make sure from now on I can always send you Door Dash 
Or goPuff or primenow or whatever
I usually just lock my money away from myself, cause otherwise I buy stupid shit, but I’ll make sure I have an emergency fund for you
I don’t like this, I don’t like not being able to give you something you need. I’m sorry. It wont happen again.
no don’t apologize it’s not your fault 
Rawr, i’ll figure out how to be better for you
I keep dozing off I might just sleep 
Ok baby,  💋 goodnight
But I might get food id sleep so much better 
Well, I’ll be here either way
♥️
One time, I interviewed in Philly, and they got me like. Hotel room. But for some reason it was at a BnB. So I was at this “romantic” BnB for a couple of nights, it was so weird
Sorry there’s a bobs burgers on about BnBs
Loved “Sorry there’s a bobs burgers on about BnBs”
That’s the best episode 
Lol
Did u take pics of it 
The BnB, yeah I did
Lemme c 
￼There was this weird mechanical lock on the door
￼
Cat pillows
Creeepy 
There was a fireplace you could turn on with a remote
soo festive and romantic of tjem 
I know right
Cause that’s what a single dude needs
Blegh I have to wake up early ahain tmrw
￼
￼
Yeah that looks haunted 
￼
It was a dry city so I had to buy liquor outside the city and bring it in
Wtf 
Too much effort
Lol true facts
Man that was so long ago
I’m watching chopped ♥️
When was it 
Like 4 years at least
not that long 
Yeah I guess not, seems like a lifetime ago
Just sort of a different person then
I feel like a different person every week
Jokey jokey 
;)
I crossed 2 things off my todo list today!!
Awwwwe Yisssss
There’s 21 things left 
Lol
Damn
That’s to many things
I know but after they are done 
I won’t have a list of stuff to do
Yeah
!!!! 
Emphasized “!!!! ”
Taking melatonin gummy 
Lol
Why do they let people tell their sob stories on chopped 
I don’t know it’s stupid
I keep waiting for someone to say
I’m on choo because I’m really passionate about 10000 dollars
Lol, Take A drink if someone on chopped “escaped” drug and alcoholism
This one lady said she escaped the cold war, and I was like FUCKING BULLSHIT, THAT TIME LINE DOESN’T MAKE ANY SENSE
￼
Lmao everyone’s parents r dead
Zomg I was not prepared for, The most amazing photo ever then “Lmao dead parents”
Loved “Zomg I was not prepared for, The most amazing photo ever then “Lmao dead parents””
love surprising u
You’re photos, are always so perfect. I mean beside’s the fact you’re amazingly attractive, right now that photo just makes me want to lay my head on your lap. Among other things.
tlc is all I need 
But you look so comforting. You look like what I need.
Loved “But you look so comforting. You look like what I need.”
I just want to kiss you, all over. I want you in my arms
Sorry, I got a bit carried away
Just sometimes when I’m alone, it would be nice if you were here
Loved “Just sometimes when I’m alone, it would be nice if you were here”
I’m sorry I got distracted this girl on chopped said she didn’t know she was 6 months pregnant 
you are so sweet to me 
Lolllll
How could I not be?
You’re amazing
And I both can’t wait, and dread meeting you. I’m going to be so awkward, I don’t think I’ve ever had a first kiss with some one, without being drunk.  I just have to hope my babbling stupidity and fear come off as cute.
And I just said that out loud bleh
I know your probably just asleep but I’m going to have a mini freak out over here
Don’t get me wrong, I’ve had a handful of serious relationships, I’m just crappy at the getting started stuff
Good morning dusty ♥️
Morning
I did fall asleep 
im dreading work :( 
I’m sorry
I slept really good tho
I want to call out really badly but I won’t 
Heh
heh what 
You calling out
I want to 
I wish you could
Everyone’s sick so I could just say I am 
I’m debating 
You do you, 
I think I’ll go 
🥺
Your a good girl
Only bc I don’t want my bosses to hate me lol 
but idk 
I still might 
🙂 whatever you do I’m behind
￼Hehe i want this to be me 
:)
im going to try to leave early to get a smoothie 
Sounds good, have a great day
￼
Smoothie acquired 
Loved an image
 Wah 
What’s wrong?
Bored 
Sorry
Watching cutthroat kitchen, thinking bout you
Loved “Watching cutthroat kitchen, thinking bout you”
I wanna b in bed
Sorry
I have a game today from 6 to 9, so I will be away from my phone during that time
Aw dam right when I get off :(
:(
Feel free to send me whatever you want though
I’ll be sure to respond afterwards
always ♥️♥️
I have to go somewhere for my friends gifts 
You’re a good friend
I want to go to earthbound but not the mall
Hi!!!
Good luck w ur thing !!
Thank you :)
Finally home 🥺
I’m bored 🥺
Awww
We finished a little early 
I fell asleep 
You get up so early it doesn’t surprise me 
Reminder: your wonderful, smart, intuitive, and gorgeous. Anyone who thinks you aren’t a boss bitch is wrong. Kicking ass before most people wake up.
I’m so sleeeeepy still 
Go to sleep if it’s what you need
Hi dusty 
Hey
￼Look at these nerds 
Aw 
I just woke up 
Probably
Gonna go back to sleep I’m feeling sick:(
Welcome to the world of insomnia, we have sheep
Oh no, I’m sorry
I think it’s bc I work so much
Could be, I hope you can get some rest and feel better, I want you to be happy and healthy for the bassnectar show
I know your looking forward to it, so I hope you feel good for it
I know same 😑
I don’t wanna b sick 
It’s the worst
I’m going to call out if I don’t feel good
In the morning 
You should
I twisted my leg in my sleep during a nap today, and I dreamt someone was crushing it, I woke up screaming on the couch, it was embarrassing
:( aw babe 
Does ur leg still hurt 
Yeah but it’s mostly healed I don’t limp anymore 
Take a shot, this chef escaped drugs an alcoholism
￼
Goof morning 
Morning
I called out 
My boss said 
We are really short staffed 
I was like ok and I’m sick
Disliked “We are really short staffed ”
He was like can u take a shower and I’d you’re feeling better please come in 
Like my head is pounding and my throat is covered in mucus 
Your boss sucks
He said honestly no one feels well
Like Um 
That’s healthy ? 
That’s so shitty
I’m not going 
Good
￼
I’m prey they”re treating you like that
I’m here for you
Drink plenty of water
￼Should I text him this 
Yeah, I would. If your’e sick, don’t go in.
Yes dusty my voice is gone and head is throbbing 
If they fire you, I’ll take care of you until you find something else or whatever. I’m not going to let you go without. 
they won’t fire me 
they need me ;) 
Well even better
How was your night tho I slept pretty early 
Hard for me to sleep. But I’ll probably get in a luxurious nap or two today.
ooo me too
I’m so happy I don’t have to leave my bed rn 
Me too, focus on you
♥️🥂
￼
Tehe 
You are so beautiful 
mwah 🥺
I want to be there and take care of you...r illness.
Smooch, you’re to good to me
Loved “I want to be there and take care of you...r illness.”
♥️♥️
also my dress won’t b here in time 
:(
Awww I’m sorry
ugh I could wear it to like a festival
Or something 
but 
Now I have no outfit :(
I’m sorry :(
dusty what will I wear 
Wjodkeodoe
I still have to go to the mall to get my friends a lil present so I’ll just look there I guess 
But I spent money on the other outfit I’m mad 
I don’t know, you always look amazing I’m sure you’ll figure something out. If my check clears early, you know I’ll send you something. And I’ll get everything straight so I can send you money periodically from now on.
hehe it’s not a problem bby just annoying for me 
You’re not doing anything wrong !!! 
Yeah but I’d like to be like. “Here you go” and you’re liken”mwah” then I feel good , and you feel good. 
Surprise picture this morning has me a bit flustered, rawr baby
hehe you make me feel good by just talking to me !!! 
Loved “Surprise picture this morning has me a bit flustered, rawr baby”
Awww. I’m glad.
Wish I could wait on you all day, take care of you.
Make you some soup, watch tv.  
Rub your back.
￼
This fell last night and woke
Me up:(
Oh no, so sorry
Cat knock it over?
No it just fell off the wall:( 
Bummer 
I know I just noticed it:o
Soup and back rub would b great 
Mmmhmm
hehe im abt to smoke half a joint and maybe eat a lil bit 
Sounds good, you do you
when i get back from bassnectar I need to go grocery shopping lol I keep forgetting 
But I don’t wanna go before 
Well by then I’ll just let you order off primenow
You can use my card
what do u mean 
I mean after bass nectar just pick a bunch of stuff off Whole Foods on primenow, I’ll pay for it
😢
Send it to your place
￼
Rawr
Loved an image
spooky girl 
Another one of those photos, and I might have to take my shower early.
hehe 
Soups, and ginger ale, and back rubs and making sure you have blankets when you’re cold, and a fan when you’re hot. 
you’re the best 🥺
No U
What are you up to
Nothing, staring at the ceiling. Thinking about ways to make money.
im watching chopped :) thinking abt what to consume 
That sounds so much better
Think I’ll do that
hehe chopped junior 
Hey, baby, have you thought about our first meeting, what you want? Like we said fast and casual, so a Starbucks, or other cafe thing? Is that still what you’re thinking?
Maybe just coffee drinks at Cafe Coco
We can get food ? Or if u don’t
Wanna do that 
Yeah I’d love to do that. Do you have a place in mind?
Do you like sushi?
Yes 
You want to do that?
I know you might be still be sick in the near future, so I won’t try to pin you down for a date, I was thinking tentatively Wednesday, but if your not well, we’ll figure something out. But I ask that you postpone no longer than you have to.
yes we can but im going to b sooo tired on Wednesday I’m not sure when I’m coming back from Kentucky I think I am that night
Ok, so let’s say Thursday?
Tentatively 
Yes I have work in the am 
Ok Thursday evening we will try and get together.
okay:) 
I’ll make reservations somewhere, I’ll let you know. I’ll make sure it’s late enough for you to make it.
Ok one last potentially uncomfortable thing.
Okay 
I’ll lyk my schedule on that day
I might b off early 
As far as us in person physical stuff, we can take it as slow as you want, no issue there. You, have in the past mentioned lingerie before and I’d like to give you some money for some, this week. I want you to know you’re never required to wear it when meeting me or anything. But I think you should have nice things for when you are comfortable.
Loved “I might b off early ”
Hope I’m not overstepping my bounds. Or saying anything out of place.
I’m sorry if I’m being to up front. Or weird. If I’m doing something wrong, let me know and I’ll correct the behavior.
you’re not:) idk we should just go to dinner and see where it takes us:) 
I know u respect me :) 
Smooch, good
Your the best
I’ll quit being weird, just stupid chopped jokes for the rest of the day
and oh, Reminder: your beautiful smart and intuitive. You deserve the world.
Take a drank, all the chopped judges are male
You’re not being weird :) 
How r these kids so good
I’m not going to text as much while your gone for bassnectar, I want you to have a good time. Make sure that you drink plenty of water, be safe, and rest periodically.
I have no idea, the teen episodes of regular chopped are hilarious 
Every time there is a fire or a cut the judges freak out
Ok I’ve switched to kids
Season 3 episode 2
Episode 1*
Loved “I’m not going to text as much while your gone for bassnectar, I want you to have a good time. Make sure that you drink plenty of water, be safe, and rest periodically.”
I’ll text u pics n such:)
Your amazing:)
I haven’t seen the teens 
￼
I am so hungry but I can’t decide 
What to eat 
Mozzarellas sticks and tequila of course
I’m deciding if I should postmates or go get food or go to the actual store 
Isn’t it raining 😭
It looks rainy outside
This kid fractured his femur
Take a shot
My kid gets bullied 
Take a shot
I cried a minute ago 
It was sad 
Oh no
￼
His voice was shaking 
That’s fucked up
*begins aggressively donating to anti bullying cause*
I think o have to donate like another 1000 dollars this year to something, just so my taxes don’t suck
￼
Loved an image
Which cause 
I usually donate to water aid
But I have been donating to Take This
It’s for people with Mental Health issues that are in the gaming community. I don’t care about video game people but table top RPGers are my people
I’m really glad you took today off to rest
Loved “It’s for people with Mental Health issues that are in the gaming community. I don’t care about video game people but table top RPGers are my people”
aw :,) 
And same I needed it 
￼
That is so true 
There lettin. An 11 year old cook rattlesnake, seems dangerous
this show is all I need
Watching children get frustrated makes me frustrated
I got lost in a nap
My window is open and it lured me to sleep
I want to say something cheesy and cringey, I got lost in your eyes
Inspired by sad, laying with yin photo
Unlike yesterday’s photo, where I got lost in your thighs, and then you were like “haha dead parents” 😜
Rawr 
Ted Allen has a plaid shirt and striped tie
Take a drink 
Smooch
Think I’ll get alcohol so I’ll sleep well tonight
Might write a silly hip hop song for my motw game...
￼
Tree’s still up
Omg I love that pic
I’ve been sleeping all day
I slept for some too
I’m kinda freaking out the guy that’s giving me the ticket is supposed to bring it to me today
And he’s not answering rn 
That’s no good, hopefully he’ll get back to you
im almost having like a panic attack 
Tickets are sold out I think 
￼￼Look at these Asian cholos, they’ll make you feel better
It’s not :(
On a serious note make sure your in a quiet place, try to breathe regularly, and remember panic attacks end
I’m just scared what if he doesn’t give it to me 
I don’t know, when’s the latest he could get it to you, and you’d be ok?
I’m going to my friends right after work tmrw
To like get everything together 
 You still have some time now, when was he supposed to get back to you
The total for 1 ticket is 250 dollars
He was supposed to this morning
Damn
I know 
:( 
Do you have money for them, can you scalp them?
Yeah but then I’d have no money for drugs/hotel/food 
That would suck
I know 
I’ll give him until tonight I guess
Well I don’t know if it will but if my check goes through in the morning I can send you wherever you need. No promises though
I just don’t want to buy it and not have money for the event 
I understand 
im sad af:( 
:(
idk what to do
I was going to go get an outfit but now
Idk
I would’ve saved my money if I knew I had to buy a ticket 
I’m just going to give him until tonight
Alright baby, I’ll let you know if my check clears
The tickets are almost sold out though 
:( idk if I should wait 
:(
I asked a guy who I know has tickets, but he’s taking his sweet ass time getting back to me :(
I probably should have just waited to say anything, don’t count on me I don’t have a lot of connections for this. I know some music industry goes but there all radio and recording studios, don’t think they’d help much.
Dam well lmk if he answers plssss
Of course
He got back to me, he’s sold all his.
Immigrants
I meant omg 
Wtf 
Problematic 
;)
I’m getting a doctors note rn 
That’s good
Woop woop 
￼
Rawr 
I’m eating mini m&ms
I’m drinking
u should help me search for a ticket online 
Vividseats has some
That’s where I saw too
I tried stubhub first sone I was familiar but they didn’t have any
I saw that 2:,(
I’m so sad now 
 I hope he answers me 
Baby, in the future, we have to have it so this stuff is paid for and in your possession. Just at some point send me the names of the festivals and arrangements you need so we can have all this settled. This is stressful for you, you don’t deserve that.
I know before that’s probably something you could do, but you can now.
I know I really don’t :( he was suppose to bring it for me 
Couldn’t*
I do have a list of the planned festivals I’m going to !! 
But hopefully he answers by tonight
Or I’m gonna spend like most of my money on a ticket 
Well that’s not a worry you’ll have after this. I hope all this works out for you, and you know I’ll help you out tomorrow if I can.
I know :( 
Smooch, we’ll make sure you have tickets and hotel reservations and spending money, for future festivals. I may suck at emergency funding, but I’m the best at planned funding
Mostly I want you to be safe so I’m terrified of you going down there without enough money. Your choices will always be your own, though, I’d never stop you from something you wanted to do. But hell of you could borrow some money, I’d pay it back for your. 
I could maybe borrow some for a few days. But let me take a few more shots before I ask anyone.
Smooch
No babe don’t ask anyone
I would before you 
Just above all, be safe. All I ask
I have a 100 dollar visa gift card I forgot abt
Well there you go
But I still need an outfit 
Let me check my bank acct 
Only 322 
Let me do all the math 
Good girl
Math is always good
So actually tickets are 280
With fees and everything, that makes sense
okay so I’ll have 42 dollars left and my friend owes me 140
So 182 
Then I have the 100 dollar gift card but I need to buy an outfit
You can depend on the friend?
Yes she’s supposed to go to
Alright, in the morning, if the check isn’t clear I can look into divesting something.
I think I have a small investment I can divest, with minimal loss
Okay babe you’re the best for trying to help
I want you to be happy.
🥺
You deserve it.
I’m so sorry this is happening. We can prevent this in the future though 
We can prepay all your travel, lodging, and ticket needs.
It’s okay babe I will go either way!!
I also got off work tmrw
Gives me more time 
Great 
im determine 
I wish your car had not cost so much. Maybe you would still have some more money now.
I know :(((
I’m trying to think how I can get money LOL
Story of my life
Sorry went on the balcony to talk to Shayne
It’s okay
I’m going to urban outfitter to try on outfits 
To distract me
Awww
I feel like I don’t even deserve pictures of those outfits
:(
Don’t say that
I’m going to get straightened out so I can help with these situations, hopefully we can also prevent some.
The visa 
IS INVALIdn
No good
My mom gave it to me
That sucks, I’m sure it’s a store mistake do you have a receipt 
no 
I promise we will fix this going forward
My friend may have found a ticket for me
Ugh hi 
Hey
I’m waiting until 9:30
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wKwZX1QHx_Q
I can’t tell if I think he’s cute or not 
Lol
I liked it tho 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=b01Bnr1aXt8
I don’t think any celebration of the 80s could be less than crass, but that might have been a little overboard
Anyway, you send me something to listen too
Do we still not like Japanese Cholos?
￼￼
Loved “I don’t think any celebration of the 80s could be less than crass, but that might have been a little overboard”
Hmm 
Take a slice - glass animals
Hmm I feel like I’ve seen them before 
￼Thicc Wednesdays? 
Id wear that 
Rawr
I’ve for sure warn the stockings before
Worn 
Same 
😏
Glass animals , is over
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ExVtrghW5Y4
Ugh, I’m getting that sort of sad drunk
Where like talking about my exes, and other problems seem like a good idea. NOT TODAY SATAN
Why is Depeche Mode so old, and so in shape
￼
I get a little but of gengis kahn  
￼
Postal service 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-kPkkqxsjIY
Well...
I fell asleep 
Same
Y u sad babe 
Well I know I want you happy, i’m fine now
The dude replied 
Yeah?
Yes 
Hed supposed to call
Me 
He hasn’t :(
Are you awake 
Am now
Hi 
Hey
the guy answered me 
Yeah?
Baby?
Yes he’s being a lil sketch 🥺
Oh, I’m sorry
It’s okay 
I found another ticket 
Good 
But hopefully he gets this one to me 
Smooch
Wish we were cuddling 
I need that
Me too I’m a sad bean 
I want nothing more than to embrace you
We’re not going to let this happen again
You’re going to get what you want
🥺🥺 bby 
You should send me your list of festivals when you get s chance, and choose one where I can cramp your style and come along
Baby, a cuddle sounds like the best thing in the world
Loved “You should send me your list of festivals when you get s chance, and choose one where I can cramp your style and come along”
￼
Why are you so good to me
￼
You’re so beautiful 
Smooch
Mwah !!!
So far the festivals on my list are bonnaroo 
Buku 
One echo we
Okeechobee 
I was going to put downpayments for all my tickets soon bc they sell out fast 
Yeah we’ll buy them in order
Well I was going to put the downpayment to secure my spot 
Bc the tickets sell out 
I used to make web scrapers that bought tickets before humans could
S we will get it figured out
Yeah I’m kinda responsible for the fact all of those thing sell out
On like 10 seconds
I used to work for a company that would prebuy most the tickets 
To stuff that was guaranteed to sell out
It was 10 years ago but I bet it hasn’t changed much
I’m not going to let these kind of things affect you in the future, you don’t deserve it
Reminds; it’s a new day. You’re amazing, deserving, smart, beautiful And intuitive 
Anyone would be lucky to be your friend
Loved “I used to work for a company that would prebuy most the tickets ”
Sorry I was tidying up from where I had a sick day 
You do you baby
￼
You’re amazing
I love the skull
Is that an n64?
It issss
So back on the day if you had a subscription to enough video game stuff. Sometimes they would send you a promo vhs through the mail for stuff
So if you were subscribed to Nintendo power or whatever
And when the n64 was about to be released they sent me a vhs tape about Star Fox 64
I can’t find the power cord to mine :(
I was the coolest kid in Hendersonville
No problem we’ll get one off eBay
Loved “I was the coolest kid in Hendersonville”
Hehe 
Btw the guy is supposed to bring the ticket to me or my friend tmrw
I got one of our mutual friends to call home
Him 
Good
I hope it all works out. If not I have a backup !! 
For only 150 
Mmm I’ll get you something tomorrow
Would you want to come with me, to the hacker con in Vegas
DEFCON
when is the dates for that
August 6 - 9
Far but not 
You might not like the con, but I bet you would like Vegas
A stripper hurt me once, it was a whole thing
Omg hurt u ??
I would b a stripper if I didn’t have stage fright 
Yeah I was tipping big and she came over and scratched me with her nails, but like her nails were STRONG
She like left permanent marks
Omg 
:( 
I was with my buddy clay and he was like “that looked painful” and I was very drunk and all I said was “let’s go home”
Vegas is like a whole thing
Lmao let’s go 
That’s funny 
Smooch
We should
I’m mad I was trying to take a cute pic 
I’m not mad I didn’t get a cute pic, just disappointed #mostDad
And I spilt bong water in my bed 
Lmao 
Well guess what I just did for you?
It begins with an a
It ends with an l
ummmmmmm
And you just got 20 milis 
That was a long journey I had to spray my blanket and put it in the dryer 
It tastes like what a child thinks orange is
Begins with an add
Ends with an all
omg im just 
???
Adderall sunny
Dummy*
I got you one
Questioned “It tastes like what a child thinks orange is”
That hint was terrible !!!
but :o 
It makes you spun
Is that better ?
haha yes 
Pill make u go fast 
Lol best ever description
Well I think since I got a couple for myself, I’m going to be a particular kind of horny tomorrow
Anyway I could get a video or a couple of pics before that?
Feel absolutely free to say no
i got you but let me take some tmrw when I can pick something sexy to wear
Yes mam ;)
hehe I want to give u variety 
￼

Rawr
I could die now
not yet 
IKR, I haven’t even tasted you
￼
Zomg I could die
mwah 
Literally though
I think licking from your navel to your chest 
I would just die
I would too hehe that would feel amazing 
Loved “I would too hehe that would feel amazing ”
Tomorrow I’m going to be grossly thirsty, so I think after 5pm you should just ignore me
ill quench ur thirst 
I don’t deserve you
🍯
You kill me
I’m here,I’m dead, I’ll never quit thinking about you
im more dead 💀
I just drank NyQuil 
Also I’ve been looking at the MacBooks and I think the best way is to give you 2k allowance, to pick one out, and give you the bit you don’t spend to you in cash
So like you pick the 1,600 one.. you get 4oo in cash
reword that 
Haha 
I give you a max of 2k to pick out a MacBook 
You choose one that’s  1600
 You get the Mac book and 400
Just as an example the one I thought would be best for you was 1400 so that would be a MacBook and 6000 in the middle of the month 
600*
But also I am stupidly obsessed with you so if you wanted more... 
And I was planning on paying your rent in a few days
Look your the best
You tell me what you need
Smooch, you’re the best
Woah, I was white girl wasted
No check though
Loved “And I was planning on paying your rent in a few days”
good morning 🤪
Morning, I think I got you 100 dollars.
 aw babe :( 
 I just looked up
MacBook and they r soo expensive wtf 
They used to be more
If you look at the middle MacBook Pro, it’s 1500
13”
The 16” is very large, I would think you wouldn’t want to carry that around
It’s so beautiful 
Smooch
I like the gold 
The air is the only one that still comes in gold, the top of the line air is 1300
My credit score increased significantly!!!! 
Yay
Oh well damn
I used airs for the last 6 years
Nothing wrong with them
I’m gonna look up the difference 
We can go to Green Hills and pick it up in two weeks if you want
:o 
My boss hasn’t showed up(online) yet
I think he’s taking the day off
hehe same
Lol
Well easy day for me I guess
How do you feel
￼
Like this 
Smooch
I’m sorry baby
What’s the plan?
￼
Ugh Kayla’s mad at me
Wby:(
No idea, asked if she was mad. She looked at me and, sighed and said no.
I assume I said something too truthful, last night.
Or stupid
I was not a very eloquent drunk last night
Also she’s just mad at everyone in general
So sorry if I was a little sloppy last night
Thanks for being so tolerant with me
It’s okay don’t apologize 
:)
Just woke up
I have been sleeping so much
But my dress came 
Smooch
Yay
Fucking US Bank just debited 6000 from Shayne’s account
Banks make me think that bit coin is a solid option, that’s some fucked up shit
Like right now a bank owes me 3 grand, shits insane. They’ll just grab your money and hide behind bureaucracy 
Omg why 
Every month he has a set amount that goes towards his business credit, and this month instead of taking like 200 dollars they took 6000
And when you talk them their like “Well why don’t you have 6000 to spare.” The whole industry seems so crooked.
Better than Comcast I guess.
Now we’re sitting here scraping up cash, like peasants.....jk
But yeah, fuck banks, let’s go back to gold or something
Bad day is terrible
I’m sorry I’m looking got something to go under my dress 
Rawr
It’s gojng to b so cute 
You always are
Reminder: you’re wonderful, and anyone who tells you differently, is either a liar or wrong
Hey, I’m not feeling so great today, if you can tell me something good, I’d love to hear it.
Or see your outfit
You’re the best :) I’m sorru I’m just now leaving the mall
It was chaotic 
Smooch, it’s fine
I’m just a little elevated from ‘go fast’, little more sensitive than normal, and all the money stuff, with Shayne and me, is stressing me out. Not being able to help you last night. I don’t know, getting a little sad I guess.
don’t b sad :) I’ll b okay I promise 
Just had to go to my grandmas and use her printer 
I have to return my textbooks before they late !
Ugh all the way in gallatin
Tell my parents “Fuck you” if you see them ;)
Lol that’s not required, I don’t even know why I wanted to share mine
Sorry I’m driving home just pressing a bunch of buttons
Lol
Also going to just have to get a new ticket 
I’m so sorry, hopefully I can send you money in the morning.
mwah 
Loved “mwah ”
￼
There are no longer any thoughts in my head
￼
Other than why isn’t it Thursday yet. Why can’t I treat this beautiful woman, the way she deserves. Eating sushi, giving gifts.
You’re outfit, is Amazing.
You’re style always is.
Your*
Loved “Other than why isn’t it Thursday yet. Why can’t I treat this beautiful woman, the way she deserves. Eating sushi, giving gifts.”
I’m glad u like 
You’re amazing. There’s no words. But if I spend much more time apart from you, I’m going have to send you a VR camera, 💋
￼
Yes please
I’m sooo excited
I’m so glad.
I’m cleaning up my space 
Hate cleaning 
Should have stopped by, and got an adder all, would have helped 😊
True 😢
Try and keep your phone charged while you’re at the thing, I’m not going to bother you, but if I do have money then and you need it, I would like to be able to get it to you.
I’ll pick up an external battery for your phone, before I see you, I know I can’t get to you before you go, but you’ll have one for the next time.
I have one already!! 
Great!
Sorry I’ve been cleaning up
You’re fine
Washing the bong sheets 
I was big into a lot of drugs a long time ago. But I was never that big into weed, what is a bong sheet.
I spilt water ont them last night 
Ahh
Smelled like bong water 
Not cute 
￼
I wrote code that gets our conversation from my phone and recent pictures
Don’t know why I did that, when I could be talking to you
Show me something good
￼
Loved an image
I have to go to Walmart and then meeting my friends !!
Ok, I’ll leave you alone then. Just let me know when you wanna talk.
Don’t leave yet nooo
😊 I’m here it’s fine. I’m just reviewing the images you’ve previously sent.
I think this is my fav, I mean they’re all my fav but:
￼
Hehe I think wet hair is cute 
Insert cringey “I think you’re cute”
:~)
I don’t wanna go into Walmart 
I wish you didn’t have to
What size t-shirt are you comfortable in
The biggest size
I feel that
they r so comfy to me
Yeah for sure. I’ll find some really soft ones.
:-) 
You should look up why all the roads r blocked 
￼
A police officer died
Damn
You make it to your friends?
I’m waiting on weed guy:(
But I had to go back home bc I forgot to refill kitties bowl
Awww
I do not miss that
Going sketchy places, doing sketchy things, just for a quarter.
Of course then weed was so weak, you needed a quarter, so don’t think that’s impressive
He came in I finally am on my way to my friends house
I’m really hungry though I wish I wouldn’t of waited so late so I had more options
I’m sorry
Hey baby looks like your going to be busy this evening. I’m probably going to play with my VR headset for about an hour or so, unless you need me.
I just got to my friends 
She’s not even here !!! 
￼
rawr
Turtleneck bby
I love it
Was your day overall good?
Yeah I think so
Yay !! 
Shayne and I bitched about banks, and how we should create a disruptive technology to destroy them, then I was like, but Bitcoin...or Cash.app, and then we sighed
And then I wrote some software to get away from dependence on iMessages, and  then I started preparing for what I was going to do at work tomorrow. And then I started relooking at every picture you ever sent me. And now I’m sitting here, dealing with that aftermath 😊
I hope you had a good day as well
tell me something good
Loved “And then I wrote some software to get away from dependence on iMessages, and  then I started preparing for what I was going to do at work tomorrow. And then I started relooking at every picture you ever sent me. And now I’m sitting here, dealing with that aftermath 😊”
I did have a good day
It was so busy 
good
I’m going to take a little bit of alone time, and deal with this....whatever I’ve created.
what do u mean 
Sorry my friends got here 
I’m going take care of...myself.
Be away for a few minutes
okie ♥️
I’m going to sleep ♥️
Good night babe sweet dreams
watching dazed n confused 
Smooch, remember you are valued
Make good choices and if my check comes in I’ll send you something
You deserve the world 
Loved “Make good choices and if my check comes in I’ll send you something”
Good morning dusty !!
Morning, wonderful.
 I’m still feeling under the weather 
I’m so sorry
:( it’s okie 
I’m gonna leave soonnnn
I’ll stop and get some meds 
You take care of you
￼
￼
￼
Mwahaha 
Did ur check clear babe
No, I’m sorry unfortunately not, it will clear tomorrow or maybe the next day since tomorrow is a holiday.
I forgot it was a holiday 
￼
Pending :(
it’s fine babe :) 
Hope everything is going well 😊
￼
Going to eat
Loved an image
How’s your day
So much work, I’ve been coding all day, normally I just dick around for 6 hours, and then piddle about for two. Then tell someone else they’re wrong. But I earned my papers today, so good I guess.
It’s Shayne’s birthday and their are going to be so many people here, it’s going to suck. Also I won’t get to move out next week, like I planned because of the bank thing with Shyane, I’m going to lend him two grand instead. I still plan on paying your rent 😊. I’m just going to be stuck here for a little while longer. I am going to get a short term air BNB though, like a few days or whatever. I have no privacy or space here. BUUUUUT.....Everythings actually going well. Sorry to talk your ear off. PLEASE, enjoy your New Years Eve.
Tl;dr Everything is good, have fun.
￼Scott and Teri got me gifts this year
Thought I didn’t get anything for Christmas 
I hope this morning finds you well and you are happy and safe
Loved an image
I just woke up 
Good morning 
Good morning
What were your gifts !!!
I got a really high quality set of dice. And a French toast press and herbal tea. 
They know o have sleep issues so Teri made me tea
￼
French roast*
I hope your evening was good
￼
And Shayne got his bank stuff fixed so everything’s good on that
￼
￼
Loved an image
Loved “And Shayne got his bank stuff fixed so everything’s good on that”
I’m glad you ended up getting presents you liked
I had such a good time 
I’m getting ready to head home 
Loved “I had such a good time ”
such a sleepy girl
￼Pic of me last night 
I’m so glad you made it, and everything worked out
Loved an image
 You’re Hollywood beautiful 
Loved “ You’re Hollywood beautiful ”
thank u for being here for me 
Yeah, anything you need
Liked “thank u for being here for me ”
And in the future I’ll make sure I’m prepared to help you out at any time.
But no matter what you can always talk to me, and I’ll be supportive of the things you wish to achieve.
We’ll work together, and get the things we want.
￼
You just tell me what that is.
Loved “And in the future I’ll make sure I’m prepared to help you out at any time.”
I’m sorry I’m soooo sleepy and otw back 
Don’t be sorry, sleep if you need to
Or drive, but don’t sleep and drive
I’m not driving yet 
but I’ll b to my friends I’m 45 min and then have to drive 
I’m sorry baby you deserve to rest
Im driving home now !!!
Woot
We can do whatever you want tomorrow, but I got reservations for Sunda, if that’s not your thing, we can do something else, if the parking situation is suspect I can pay for a Lyft or something. But don’t worry about any that today, just get some rest.
￼
Loved “We can do whatever you want tomorrow, but I got reservations for Sunda, if that’s not your thing, we can do something else, if the parking situation is suspect I can pay for a Lyft or something. But don’t worry about any that today, just get some rest.”
That would b perfect !! 
Loved “That would b perfect !! ”
I fell asleep 
I’m so upset. I’ve been arguing with two different banks, since 8 this morning. Every time I get paid it’s like a knock down drag out fight, just to get the money in my account, and I am so tired of it.Nobody can give me a clear answer on when that check is going to clear. The bank that sent(actually is still sending), the check, promised to have it processed, “some time today”. No one can say what some time today is, or how long once it’s processed, the receiving bank will hold it. I pay these people so much money to process my checks, this check cost $93 dollars, just to get it to my bank, it’s been 6 days. I’m like going to die of exhaustion, fighting these people.
Sorry. I’m just upset. i didn’t want to have to spend another night here.
This couch has erased the healing from my leg, Kayla’s child is mean to me, and I have no privacy. And that ends my temper tantrum 
Post pone date until tomorrow, so I can treat you properly?
:( I’m sorry you’re having such a stressful week 
I’m feeling kind of sick tmrw would b better
How old is kaylas child 
Yeah, thank you so much. I’m sorry.
2nd grade 
I don’t know how old that is
don’t be sorry it’s not your fault 
Sorry I’m a mess today.
don’t b !!! You’re totally fine 
as long as I pay my rent by the 5th I won’t b late 
No worries then. 
💋
😇 other than the bank are u doing okay
Sometimes I think there’s a lot of weight on my shoulders that just isn’t really there and all that fictional weight crushes me. I am now.
I just was worried about you, and getting out of here, and I talked myself into a bad mood.
But I’m getting better.
aw well I can talk more later and help u feel better 
😊
work is dragging 
I’m sorry
I’ve been here since 6:30
I work like for real, 15 minutes a day. Mostly I read memes
:( 
But also no one at work knows what this means:￼
So they won’t fire me
LPT: Find something your good at, no one else can do.
Thank you, for being understanding. I appreciate it.
Questioned an image
It’s a regular expression, it’s a thing I’m specialized in. It’s a way to Match things.
Loved “LPT: Find something your good at, no one else can do.”
I just got home !!!
Yay
￼
￼
But for real, thank you for being so nice, and understanding. FreshBooks cleared my check so now my bank should clear it, and If the baby Jesus likes me it should be in my account tomorrow. I hate banks so much.
You’re amazing.
Loved “But for real, thank you for being so nice, and understanding. FreshBooks cleared my check so now my bank should clear it, and If the baby Jesus likes me it should be in my account tomorrow. I hate banks so much.”
I rescheduled the reservation, but it means being in public on a Friday, which hopefully isn’t the worst.
￼
You’re so beautiful. Thank you for the picture.
Loved an image
yeah I get off at 5:30 tmew hopefully no later
And ♥️
Liked “yeah I get off at 5:30 tmew hopefully no later”
 Kayla’s watching an old season of the bachelor which means I’m watching an old season of the bachelor
I sent you some money for tomorrow in case you need a lyft or whatever
And I’ll send you rent money whenever I see you tomorrow at the restaurant, you know assuming after meeting this goofball, you still want to keep hanging out with this goofball
Do you need groceries or anything?
￼
New place
That’s a glamour shot, I didn’t take it. I won’t be there until tomorrow
Sorry babe I fell asleep tmew 
I know, i was just keeping you up to date
Don’t be sorry for sleeping, it’s awesome
So hopefully you don’t feel ill tomorrow.
I feel like shit :(
Oh no baby
Do not want
I hope you feel better tomorrow, and if you don’t we can reschedule, I understand. Or if you still feel shitty, and maybe you just want to watch tv or something, I’ll take care of you tomorrow, my place, or your place, or whatever. I promise I won’t make any moves and I’ll make sure you’re fed and wined and dined.
door dash, and booze or no booze, and whatever you need.
Ask and I shall provide
Whatever you want 😊
I know I’m new and you might not want to do something like that, and that’s fine, like I said if you reschedule that’s also fine.
I care for you deeply and remember you’re smart, gorgeous, and intuitive. Love yourself. And know that you are loved.
Sweetheart?
Sorry babe, much love,,,ignore the last inquiry
I fell asleep
I feel so sick
I am so sorry
All I want for you is to feel good
Is there something I can do?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCNvZqpa-7Q
I want to do whatever you need, baby
I just
Woke up again 
Loved “I care for you deeply and remember you’re smart, gorgeous, and intuitive. Love yourself. And know that you are loved.”
I hope you’re awake
Am now but I guessed I miss you
Don’t worry about a thing we’ll catch each other in morning
Check out this mugshot, murder and conspiracy
￼
I don’t feel good but I guess I’m going to work 
Aww baby
I’m sorry
Pretty murderer 
Most pretty things are dangerous
I wish you felt better
Me too and I have so much to do
I shouldn’t of slept all day 
I’m stressed 
I’m sorry
Anything I can do?
I have to be on point at work today, but I will have some time.
I still have to unpack my car and clean my house for the week. Write my calendar and todo list 
Nah, that sounds hard and boring
Sounds like structure
Be a chaos monkey with me
I really do 😭😭 
Need to do it
I’m so ocd I’ll b thinking abt it all day 
Oh, I’m sorry, I’ll chaos monkey over here and not disturb your Order
Do what makes you sane
My sanity requires a little madness
My calendar is FIFO(first in first out), minus the occasional priority sort
I try to stack the things I have to do so there just in front of me when they need to be done.
I would not recommend it to anyone, but it works for me.
But it beats trying to remember shit
Loved “I would not recommend it to anyone, but it works for me.”
The only thing I ever need to know, is what the next thing is, so it’s a very lazy, passive organization
It’s very difficult to think of anything non-linerly
linearly
If you never think about the pyramid, it’s pretty easy to move the rocks
I’m abt to shower :) hopefully when I get off work I can knock those things out and maybe feel better ??
There’s so much pressure in my head 
I can’t remember shit that’s why I make todo list 
Loved “I can’t remember shit that’s why I make todo list ”
Everyone's different.
What’s more impressive is recognizing what makes us that way, and then compensating for our weak points.
Loved “What’s more impressive is recognizing what makes us that way, and then compensating for our weak points.”
I got parking tickets on the mail that I already paid 😭😭😭
Aww, that sucks
I’ll have to call them later 
I’m straight up not having a good time 
That sucks, I’m sorry
I just have to conquer this day 
Literally have soooo much todo 
Marie Kondo, about clutter says you pick up an object and you think “Does this bring me joy?”
And if it doesn’t you get rid of it
I started doing it to people and tasks, jobs
I have very little to do anymore
Also, if it’s not inconvenient send my a picture, that would bring me joy
I think I’m just in a fanciful mood this morning, probably a result of my near absolute collapse yesterday.
Loved “Also, if it’s not inconvenient send my a picture, that would bring me joy”
hehe I’m getting ready almost done 
😊
￼
Ahh, good morning
Loved an image
You are the best
Love the earrings 
I’m very sorry you have to go in to work today. Remember your smart, intuitive, and beautiful. Know that someone cares for you. And make good choices when available.
Sometimes you gotta work a little, to ball a lot
Loved “Sometimes you gotta work a little, to ball a lot”
🥺
Ypure the best 
My car insurance lapsed shit 
I forgot to pay
That’s not good, do you need money?
If so how much 
We can deal with it tonight, no need to agonize over it right now, unless you want to. I set extra money aside for you. Hopefully it’s enough to take care of it.
In the future though, it’s just so much easier if these things aren’t surprises. You’re great, nothings wrong, no ones mad. We will get it taken care of one way or another. But I live and die on a budget. So maybe tonight we can talk about what’s coming up. I was hoping we can plan for you to go to Ockochobee(so?) in March, you know look at flights and lodgings and stuff.
Sp?*
Smooches, you’re great. We got this, drive careful.
I know I’ll text u abt it when I leave work 
My car insurance is hella 
But I will make a list of all my bills when I make my calendar 
Great
💋
I think it’s 250
I get paid tmew tho 
Oh I thought for sure you’d be on a 6 month plan or something, and it was going to be like 900 dollars, or lord knows what.
Yeah I can for sure at minimum help with that.
Omg, Kayla’s mom, brought her sisters’ kid. Thank the baby Jesus I don’t have to stay here anymore.
I think I’m going to book it as soon as I get the email saying I can check in
OMG I can not work like this, I’m going to close line that kid if he runs through the office again.
Loved “Omg, Kayla’s mom, brought her sisters’ kid. Thank the baby Jesus I don’t have to stay here anymore.”
I need to get new insurance honestly 
Shayne has an insurance guy
But I think that was when he cared I think he just buys it like normal off the shelf now
He used to have crazy insurance needs
We have a bunch of servers in the apartment
But yeah, we can look at that if you want to together.
Mine is really expensive and I’ve never had a ticket 
It a wreck 
Or 
Man I was the shittiest driver when I was 20
I totalled like 3 cars or something
Thank god I’m white
Got away with to much shit when I was young
It’s 307 to reinstate it 🥺🥺
Regularly 287
Yeah I can help you with some of that, maybe all
Okay 
I didn’t think it was due on the first 
I’m sorry that happened, we all forget things
Thank god, in the middle of the month I’ll get to buy you something nice, instead of bills. 
Feel like your accountant :)
Hehe true 😭😭
I have so Many bills
I’m stressed rn 
Also feeling terrible 
We’ll take care of them. 
We’ll get you in a better position.
I won’t say don’t feel stressed or don’t feel terrible, that’s never helped anyone. I will tell you, we’ll fix it.
Whatever’s stressing you out, whatever makes you feel terrible we can tackle those together.
Mwah 
I can’t wait to go home and rub Vick’s vapor rub on me 
Sexy
Loved “I can’t wait to go home and rub Vick’s vapor rub on me ”
The liquor store cancelled my order, and other first world complaints.
I’m greeting outside 
Good or bad?
Loved an image
Fun
I can’t get any work done because of this stupid screaming toddler
Banging drawers and shit
God, your beautiful
Thank you for the photo
It’s pouring out here I
I’m just going to get sicker 
Oh no
Decided to road trip since can’t work
￼
To where ???
Shayne has business in Thompson station and I wanted to go to the liquor store.
Woop woop 
I’m slowly dying 
Disliked “I’m slowly dying ”
Whoops wrong thumb at first
Babe what time is the reservation 
7:15
Okay I’ll try to do my stuff and rest before then 
Your sweet
 I’ll keep you updated 
I took some medicine this morning
Thank you
I want to go !!
I know
Loved “I want to go !!”
tonight if I can’t make it maybe Sunday bc I get off earlier
If that’s how it has to be, I’ll be happy with that. You know I just want you happy and healthy.
I know :) 
But I’m gonna take more medicine halfway through the day:) but the rain really isn’t helping 
I’m sorry, it’s not fun to walk in, I had to jump over a puddle and my leg reminded me I’m still not finished healing.
One of my calves is all puny, sad face
:( go to the doctor 
I know
My jeans r soaked 
Rawr
I’m sorry you’re...not dry
U can see where it stops
it’s okie 
￼
￼
Loved an image
What’re u getting at the liquor store 
Well I had vodka and wine on order so I’ll probably just get that, any requests?
I have some wine at my house 
My fav kind 
Leftover from nye 
Something sweet?
Yes 
White zif
Shayne’s to chatty, can’t take him anywhere.
omg Aw 
I get to leave in like 4 hours !!!
￼
I need a new rain jacket 
My ex room mate stole my north face rain jacket 
Booooo Ex Roomate
￼
Loved an image
sad 
Disliked “sad ”
Why
I feel overwhelmed w all the stuff I have to do
I’m sorry, I know it’s a lot
On break :)
￼
Looks tasty
I enjoy talking to you through out the day. I’m so glad you are communicative 
You’ve improved the quality of my life. Thank you for that. It’s nice to care about someone again.
The last woman I dated was a Vanderbilt doctorate student, she stole money from me that I would have given her if she asked, and kicked me out of our shared apartment in the middle of the night, and kept my car.
Cat*
Whatever though, glad that’s over.
I’ll properly reply when I’m off work
￼
Hey can u send me like 5 dollars so I can get out of the garage
Loved an image
I love the lights 
Never!
You get that?
￼
Loved an image
Yes I did I’m On my way! Home 
Good!
I’m gonna take some more medicine 
And do everything I need 2 
And just noticed I need a OIL CHANGE 
Of course you do
Oil changes aren’t that bad.
My life ~ not in order 
Lol, your great, don’t worry about it
Actually my credit score went up like 17 points so my life is a little in order 
Woop woop 
Maybe you can buy a boat now
Eh 
The lake sucks 
Lol, yeah
Loved “I enjoy talking to you through out the day. I’m so glad you are communicative ”
Disliked “The last woman I dated was a Vanderbilt doctorate student, she stole money from me that I would have given her if she asked, and kicked me out of our shared apartment in the middle of the night, and kept my car.”
That sounds they girl that stole from u doesn’t deserve u
Yeah she was something.
￼
Dude left his Netflix signed in
Loved an image
I wanna lay down and rest :( 
I have work at 6:30
:(
Am :(
Go ahead if you need to
I feel bad bc we have reservations and I want to make it 
I know, it’s fine. I’ll cancel them. But Sunday, has to be written in stone.
yes Sunday I should be well rested and have all my responsibilities taken care of
I’m so sorru I feel so bad 
It’s ok, feel better. And if you get a chance send me a picture before bed.
I’ll just have to order door dash, and you know we’ll document it. Make you watch me it all the good food.
Well*
😁
Loved “I’ll just have to order door dash, and you know we’ll document it. Make you watch me it all the good food.”
hehe u know I will
I’m gonna try to clean up and make my todo list before 
My mom is also going to finally send me money she owes me 
Do you know what a fucking relief it is, to not be harassed by babies and Kayla. 
That’s good.
haha I’m glad u are free!
This place is 1500 a month. I think it’s a good deal. I mean it’s tiny, but it was recently remodeled
Everything’s new.
I should grow up and get a big boy apartment, I know
Is it like ur forever place ? 
Nah
Just a month
I just couldn’t stay with Shayne and Kayla anymore. 
Haven’t found anything I like otherwise
Tomorrow I have my motw game so I won’t be available from like 1 to 8
Maybe it’s 7
8 sounds crazy
Loved “I just couldn’t stay with Shayne and Kayla anymore. ”
Loved “Tomorrow I have my motw game so I won’t be available from like 1 to 8”
That’s sooo long 
Yeah
I’ll b at work for most of the time 
It’s a long game
￼
Somehow I missed subtropics
That’s why I though okeechobee was first
Haha it’s just a concert that I MIGHT go to
Honestly don’t need help w that one 
I’m going to watch this guys Netflix
Ooo whatcha gonna watch
Yeah so with okeechobee, would you want to fly, would you want a hotel, how much spending money would you want
The Witcher or You
I think it’s a camping festival 
I’d b going w my friends 
Ok 
I think we would drive ? Also I think I could acquire spending money 
Well that reduces cost quite a bit
Yes true 
Do you need any camping stuff
I just am worried bc okee and buku are in the same month
And no I think I have a lot of the stuff 
Well aren’t you something
From bonnaroo
I’m just scared I don’t want the tickets to sell out 
Well we can buy scalped ones if they do, at some exorbitant price I’m sure.
A scalped one*
￼
True 
Woop I already feel better 
Lol
There you go
What am I eating
hmmm 
Maybe Bellagio’s again
Maybe pho? 
I could
would b yummy ! 
I’ll save pho for when your here I thin
Think*
Eeee
Do I have to put a shirt on for the door dash guy, or can I let him see my weird tattoos and scars?
I wish you were here watching this show with me
What time do you wanna do Sunday?
No don’t put a shirt on
Stay comfy 
And same :(
And around 5-6 is good
I get off early that day
Ok I’ll change the reservations for 5ish
5 and some change
Well Sunda doesn’t have a reservation for that slot, I’ll look elsewhere
￼
This could be us, but you playing
Loved an image
Aw okay lemme know what u find 
Will do
I find you
Ridiculously ridiculously good looking
This is the healing bed
For my leg I meant 
That was weird I think I was just thinking that and I typed it, my bad
This show might be terrible
I hope you fell asleep and are resting
You deserve it
Your amazing, you try to do the right thing, you plan and make to dos. Know that the world sucks, that in the past as you have struggled the only reason you’re not doing better, is because the system we live in is cruel. You make the steps towards doing the right thing. The reason you don’t progress faster is not your fault. It’s amazing that you continue to try. I am impressed by you. We’ll make life easier, for you.
I’m sorru I fell asleep:)
Loved “Your amazing, you try to do the right thing, you plan and make to dos. Know that the world sucks, that in the past as you have struggled the only reason you’re not doing better, is because the system we live in is cruel. You make the steps towards doing the right thing. The reason you don’t progress faster is not your fault. It’s amazing that you continue to try. I am impressed by you. We’ll make life easier, for you.”
Don’t be sorry
Loved “Ridiculously ridiculously good looking”
I just want to b a rich bitch in the end and I think I’ll get there 
Yeah
Once I create enough shit I can just live off my art 
You will
Do eet
im gonna clean up a big 
Bit 
￼
Liked an image
Hey gorgeous, I know your cleaning and you feel shitty, but if there’s something I could do to make you feel better let me know
mwah thank u:) I’m gonna take a hot shower too
Oh please please please
A picture, you can be non muse
Nude
Just want to see you
I’m sorry I’m a lil hung up on you this evening
You’ve really captured me this evening
Okie let me shower first !!!
￼
Liked “Okie let me shower first !!!”
Maybe there’s something to this whole making me wait to see you.Not that you should do that much longer.  I will eventually go crazy
I promise I’ll see you Sunday
Loved “I promise I’ll see you Sunday”
I am enamored with yo
￼
￼
Loved an image
Oh my god
I don’t deserve you
￼
￼
Why are you so good to me?
You’re the best ♥️
Loved an image
Loved an image
Loved an image
Thank you
what should I eat 
I always wait until it’s too late 
Order something off my door dash, use the card ending in 9062 
I know what I want eat 
Hehe 
how can I log into ur doordash ? 
Also my house is clean !! 
Yay, I think I’ve only ever used the login with Facebook thing
One sec and I’ll give you s way
okay:) ur the best 
I still feel terrible :(
bsdpunkblog@gmail.com
Horse##1999999
Your the best.
That you for humoring me I know you’re still ill
Haha horse 
😊
If it wants to verify with the full card number at the end let me know, and of course make sure your address, in there
thank u so much 😢😢
Is it postmaster 
Make sure your address is in there, before you order, cause it changes what you can order, you can change it in the top left
Loved “Make sure your address is in there, before you order, cause it changes what you can order, you can change it in the top left”
It’s like postdates but it’s different
postmates*
Wait what is it 
Oh door dash
doordash.com
Thank u so much 
You deserve everything I can give.
You treat me better than anyone, I’ve ever met. 
:( 
That makes me sad you are so nice to me I can’t imagine anyone treating you badly 
I’ve made a mistake and snapped at you a couple times. But you haven’t done the same to me.  You are an amazing person.
I don’t think you have 
♥️♥️
But can u send me that code pls
692779
I got hot n sour soup and chicken :) 
￼
Hot n sour is THA BEST
Loved an image
Omg yummmm
Is your place hard to find cause the door dash guy will call me if it is
No it isn’t 
Cool
If he calls me I’m going to act clueless
my throat hurtsnsooo bad :( 
I don’t know man, it’s easy for me to find
I don’t want your throat to hurt
and my head :( the medicine the doctor gave me isn’t working 
Do not want
I know 
Ya girl is hurting 
:(
I wants to do something
Are you my girl :)
I like it, my girl
hehe I’ll probably never b anyone’s girl ... I’m crazy... joking... maybe.. but you’re my favorite 
That’s good enough for me
This chick must be new she’s updating with every step 
Say she’s 8 minutes a way
I do want you to know something baby, whatever you do, when we’re not together, that’s yours and it’s fine, but be safe. But when we’re together, as in proximity, just be present for me. I care for you, and I want you to have your life. I do need you to be in my proximity more often, and that’s not code. Sometimes I just need you to be beat me, because bad day or whatever. 
Loved “I do want you to know something baby, whatever you do, when we’re not together, that’s yours and it’s fine, but be safe. But when we’re together, as in proximity, just be present for me. I care for you, and I want you to have your life. I do need you to be in my proximity more often, and that’s not code. Sometimes I just need you to be beat me, because bad day or whatever. ”
Says she’s close
I promise I’ll see u soon 
Thank you
I’m sorry if it seems like I’m ditched u 
I’m sorry I tried to pressure you into meeting before you were ready.
Be near not beat me, that read fucked up
Silver Dodge Charger she said too
It just got here :)
Thank u so much 
Yay
No problem baby
Glad I got to send something comforting
Hopefully I can do it more often
Loved “Glad I got to send something comforting”
The soup really helped me 
I ate like 3 bites of the chicken and I’m full but I have some for tmrw !!
I appreciate you
So much
The same to you ♥️
Loved “The same to you ♥️”
Ive reaches the part of The Witcher that’s just fucking
what is the Witcher 
Oh well there was a book then a video game and now a Netflix show
Henry Caville(Superman) beats people up
Plus gore and nudity
Eh 
Like if you want something enthralling or cerebral, not this
I you want to watch Henry caville beat people up, fucking, and blood, this
Yeah maybe the great British bake off instead
Thank you
Loved “Yeah maybe the great British bake off instead”
Haha gore doesn’t keep me entertained 
Yeah, I don’t care what’s on, most the time 
I’m laying I. Silence rn 
I’m going to sleep so good bc my house is clean 
Good, know that I care for you, you’re very sweet, be safe, and make good desicions, when available
￼
Loved “Good, know that I care for you, you’re very sweet, be safe, and make good desicions, when available”
Rawr
Loved an image
Immm sooo cozy
I’d do anything for a kiss rn, id fight a bear
💋
A shark
A hippo
Any manner of beast
Loved “I’d do anything for a kiss rn, id fight a bear”
omg :,) 
￼
waiting for response 
:,(
my classes don’t start until the 20th! 
Smooch
We’ll get you fixed up babe, we can go to green hills, in less than 2 weeks
￼
Loved an image
My paycheck sucks 😭😭
Bc I took so much time off 
it was only like half of what it usually is 
do you think u can help
Me with my rent today since they are closed tmrw ?? I think I’m just gonna pay my car insurance out of pocket
￼
￼
Baby I can do this for you, but if you don’t show up on Sunday, I need you to understand that’s the end. I care for you and you deserve so much regardless. But I need someone who is going to be physically present. Also I’d like a video tonight it doesn’t have to be long, it does have to be sexy and i need to hear your voice. Agreed?
Loved an image
My god your sexy
I know I promise I’ll see you tmw :) I already know what I’ll b wearing !! 
￼
Ok So how much do you need
700 cover rent, and garage, and everything you’ll need today?
And I’m going to end up on your todo list, your going to come see me, more than just tomorrow, next week?
yes that will b perfect :) 
I’m abt to go into work 
Sent, please treat me good. 
Send me pictures when you can.
Loved an image
Loved an image
Always boo 
Thank u sm
Yes baby. You deserve it.
I hate being on my period 
Baby, first of all, I’m not going make you do anything you don’t wanna do, so you don’t have to tell me your on your period to not have sex. Second of all, I have my red wings there’s no way a period would scare me away from sex. Not even oral sex. HOWDIDYOUKNOW: 2 weeks ago on the Weekend before Christmas you said you were on your period. Which is less than 21 days.


I’m not a monster, I’m not going to push you towards something you don’t wanna do.

If you’re genuinely on your period, and you weren’t before, or you were experiencing spotting, or whatever don’t take this the wrong way. I’m not accusing you of anything.


I adore you sweetheart, the idea I would push you into sex you didn’t want to have, is abhorrent, and that you would think that, has genuinely caused me to tear up. 


We both have been through trauma and I would never make you relive that. 


I am enamored with you, You are the sweetest person to me.


Again if I got it wrong, I’m sorry.  But please don’t think me a devil who would ever pressure you into sex.

I only want the best for you.
I’m sorry if maybe I’ve done something, that would make you think, I would be aggressive like that. I know that one night I was pretty wound up, and I don’t know baby... I’m just sorry.
I’m going to try an nap before my game. Remember you’re smart , beautiful, and intuitive. Be safe, and make good choices when they are available.
Well that’s not working, to heavy of a topic. It’s on my brain. Maybe you just have unusually short periods, maybe I’m just wrong if that’s the case sorry. If it’s not the case, maybe we aren’t right for each other. Maybe your not comfortable with all this, or me. If you wish to terminate our arrangement that’s fine. I’m an adult I’ll get over it. You’re still amazing. You’re still intelligent. You’re still beautiful. 
I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say so much, it’s just been a rough week, I’ve probably made you upset, I’m sorry.
I’m sorry 
My birth control ducks me up
I started my period again right before bassnectar 
I’m so sorry
Loved “I’m going to try an nap before my game. Remember you’re smart , beautiful, and intuitive. Be safe, and make good choices when they are available.”
I’m a dixk
I’m sorry
No you’re not !!!
But I really need to go to the doctor soon bc I have been having my period so regularly 
Add it to the bill list, and prioritize it, your health is important
I’m so sorry. I knew I shouldn’t say anything. 
I’m so close to having everything crossed off my list 
Ugh 
We’ll get there
￼
I know I’ll have something for you tomorrow
Goddamn your gorgeous
￼
hehe what is it 
That’s for me to know and you to find out
Vui’s Kitchen 2832 Brandford Ave, Nashville, TN
Vietnamese tomorrow
The set of pictures you sent this morning, were H O T
You’re always amazing looking, and I loved your face in you r work clothes this morning, but the Victor Sports ones are  divine
I care about you so much. You are so amazing. I was talking to someone, and I told them, sometimes people are amazing, and I smiled cause I thought of you.
They asked me if I was ok, cause I guess I’m normally a very cynical person.
I love vuis kitchen 
Loved “I care about you so much. You are so amazing. I was talking to someone, and I told them, sometimes people are amazing, and I smiled cause I thought of you.”
Good
I’m at Sarah’s for the game, might not be able to talk for a while
I’m so pissed my car insurance is so much 
I don’t even want to reinstate it 
It’s only so high bc I’m a girl and I’m 20 and I’m not on my parents 
You don’t have to explain it to me, I know that shits fucked up, but ill talk to you about solving it after the game 
have fun at ur game 
Woop woop
Hey baby
I’m going to give you some money tomorrow, regardless of anything
It’s probably not going to be enough to take care of your whole insurance
But there will be some
If you still can’t pay your insurance after that, I’ll figure out a another income stream or something to help you out
no it’s okay I have enough to pay it 🥺 you’re the best 
I’m abt to go workout !!!
Smooch you’re the best
my paycheck was half of what it usually is tho:/ 
Bc I had sick days and I went to visit my mom
Well I’ll help out
It fucking sucks I have to work almost everyday to get the money I want 
I know 
stoopid 
Yeah
I asked for a video tonight, and i’d love that, but I would understand if you’re to busy
Yes of course :) After I’m done working out I’m going to Walmart to pick up the oil for my car and a few snacks and tampons !! 
Loved “Yes of course :) After I’m done working out I’m going to Walmart to pick up the oil for my car and a few snacks and tampons !! ”
 You are too good to me
you’re too good for me !! 
Rawr, you’re amazing
By the end of February my body is going to b banging 
Rawr your body is already banging
Mwah 
Liked “Mwah ”
You the best girl
I just hate going to the gym 
We’ll get you some gym equipment if that’s what you want
nooo I think the gym is effective for me 
Hey babe I ran into my friend at the gym and I’m hanging out w her for a lil bit at my house that might delay the video 
Smooch
What’re you up to???
How was everything 
The game was good 
Is there a winner 
Or is it for fun 
Watching tv
Mostly fun
oh nice:) but did u win 
Next time, it will be mostly about me, so...yeah?
Baby, why you so gorgeous 
Why you do perfect
So*
￼
Letting my friend shower hehe 
You is fsntastic
hehe ur the best 
Smooch
I’ll talk to u when she leaves nabe I would make the video now but don’t want her to come out lol
Smooch, of course
You are to good to me
You deserve so much
I think of you often and always
Mm you mean so much to me
Hi:) 
I think I’m abt to eat the chicken 
You prrfecr
hi 
I’m so sad I’m still feeling bad 
Me too you
I don’t want you to feel bad
I might go to the store for meds 
Smooch
I might just sleep tho:p 
Idk what’s wrong w me
Baby, you do you
￼
￼
You know what I want movie wise, you don’t have to go crazy 
I want to put something cute on 
Smooch


sorry didn’t mean to do that 
I’m just so comfy I have to motivate myself 
To get up 
Well, remember you get gifts tomorrow
you’re right :) 
Also remember that no mater you deliver I’ll be happy 
What 
Whatever you do, I’ll be happy
Your gorgeous and wonderful
Smooch
hehe ur the best :) 
I have work really early but should I get candy lol 
I really am craving those sweet tart ropes 
Baby if your cheap order you some candy from prime now
Gas station is like .1 mile away but I would have to wear pants 
 Oh it’s late..
Maybe goPuff is open
I might go 😭 but I’m scared the gas station close to my house won’t have them 
If goPuff is open order from my account
Idk if I could stay up that long hehe to wait for it 
Smooch
You do you sweetheart 
ur the best tho 
seriously 
I try very much to be that for you
I know sometimes I fuck up
I sorry
I’m sorry
You always make sure I’m okay♥️
Loved “You always make sure I’m okay♥️”
Yah baby of course
You deserve everything
Please make my video, or give me some pictures if you can
I was just abt to 
Rawr
  You are so amazing 
Gorgeous and smart and intuitive 
￼
 Beautiful sweet, and fast learner
￼
So amazing
And perfect
But I didn’t get to here your voice
You own me
You may not be my girl 
But I am certainly your boy
Or pet 
hehe I’m glad u like 
took them just for u
Rawr 
But srry I didn’t know what to say
Say anything. Tell me your great, tell me I’m great  , tell me the world Is shitty, tell me something you love, tell me a thing you hate . I just want to hear you 
Hehe 
I’m nervous !!! 
Don’t be, I I’ve never been more enamored with anyone 
You make me feel sos pedialyte 
Special lol 
You deserve it
You got me over here standing attention 
I want you
I want to kiss you 
Up and down 
🤤
mmmm 
I want to lick you
coincidence 
I love being licked 
I sant to kiss your thighs
I want to kiss you all the way up to your beautiful crevice
Then back off and just blow on it 
And kiss the other side of your sides
hehe tease me w your lips 
Then come back up again
And blow again
And as soon as seem positively hurt by this behavior
I want to bury my face in you
I would melt 
Rawr
I need you
I’m cold
😢 and want to b touched 
I need you 
I’m here for just that
Mwah bby 
I want to kiss your neck 
Lick your crevice
I need 🥺
 Praise your body with my finger tips
I want to just gently glide my fingers from your head to your toes
Kissing you occasionally everywhere in between
Give me chill bumps :)
Your too good to me
Grab you up
Kiss you all over
I just want to clomp on to your pussy with my mouth 
I want you to climax, I want to hear you
I want you
I fell asleep bby 
Smooch
You are God Damn Gorgeous. You deserve the world.
Thank you
I am so sick still:(
Bimoooo
Booooo*
￼
I hope it’s not serious 
:)
Me too
I just want to sob 
Baby
You are the most gorgeous person, ever. You’re amazing, . You’re intelligent. You have. A social insight that is unmatched.
What are you sobbing about, maybe we can fix it. Maybe we can’t. Tell me though, so we can try.
Know that someone cares about you, know that are smart, intuitive And beautiful. More than that, know that all attributes combine make you amazing.
Loved a movie
Loved a movie
￼
You’re the best babe 
You gorgeous
Hehe just work babe
U know working makes me cranky 
It’s just making me sicker 
How’s your day?? 
Just woke up
Good morning !!! 
Started questionable, got better
But also I got a picture of you, how could it not be good
Morning
You are the best
Loved an image
I LOVE that picture
I would head to biscuit love right now, if Kayla wasn’t make me do a thing, and it wasn’t a total violation of your privacy.
Kayla is so mad at me for leaving. 
I has a sad, I hope I see you today.
Let me know if you want to Lyft/Uber tonight, I can send you money.
Loved “I would head to biscuit love right now, if Kayla wasn’t make me do a thing, and it wasn’t a total violation of your privacy.”
Aw shes mad???
Sorry I’m at work 
She’s very angry.
And what time is the reservation 
But why 
I think she’s mad because I moved out.
She has BPD so it’s a whole thing.
Vui’s doesn’t take reservations
But I assumed we would meet at 5 or whenever you would like.
So there’s three Vui’s, the Berry Hill one is right next to me.
On the Kayla thing, it hurts a lot. She was the person I spoke to the most in person. It hurts when someone that close to you just quits talking to you
Im sorry your at work
Seems like you never have a day off.
You deserve one
I need to put tv on or something, the Kayla thing is bumming me out.
Aw sorry love I’ll b able to answer shortly 
Loved “But I assumed we would meet at 5 or whenever you would like.”
But did you explain to her that you need your own space 
Yeah, she’ll cool down. Just have to let her be mad for now.
true 
I have to try to get my car serviced when I’m off 
And LOL I have two days off Tuesday and Wednesday
Thank you for being so lovely to me last night. I was a bit tipsy, and I appreciated it then and rereading this morning.
You’re so sweet.
Hehe good I could tell u were a lil tipsy 
Lol, i don’t doubt it.
Ur spelling 
Lol, it’s not very good to start with, I’m sure it was terrible
Hehe 
What’re I up to
Watching BET apparently
You still working?
Just got off
Good to hear
Excited 
So excited 😊
idk what to wear !!! 
I’ve never seen anything look bad on you
😊
I’m taking a cruise around :) 
It’s so nice out 
Yeah I went for a walk earlier
2832 Bransford Avenue Nashville, TN 37204...Wanna make sure you make it to the right Vui’s. Sorry I know I’m nagging, I’m just nervous.
you’re not nagging ♥️
don’t b nervous 
Thats impossible. I talk to you everyday. Right now, you’re a driving force in my life to be better. What if you meet me, and you’re like...fsuck that guy, he’s weird.
Then I’d be a sad panda.
I wouldn’t !! 
I think you’re cool
Not weird 
😬
You’re very good to me 😊
Okay finally going home 
Hi 
Hey
And u don’t have to give me money for Uber I don’t mind driving !! 
Okie
Thank u tho for the offer
Of course
Your welcome, I should say
￼
Relaxing
I might take a shot I’m getting pretty nervous
Send me a mirror pic hehe 
Give me a second
Woop 
￼
Feel free to cancel, I am not attractive
What in the fuck am I doing with my hand, why did I send that, I should have like taken a few, choose the best
Where’s that shot
don’t say that. Haha I was wondering what ur hand was doing 
Sorry I had to get out of my work clothes and wash my face 
 I don’t think I’ve ever been this self conscience before
Why :(
I don’t know, I’m shaking it off
It’s fine I’m fine, I’m a smart accomplished man, I am loved in the hacker community and a badass in my field, even if being “hard to work with” is part of my deal
ur the smartest person I know:) 
And the nicest 
Laughed at “And the nicest ”
Loved “ur the smartest person I know:) ”
I have a reputation in my field for being a cynical condescending asshole, maybe I’m outgrowing it
But more than likely I’m just nice to a select few 
Ok I feel much better
Removed a heart from “But more than likely I’m just nice to a select few ”
Loved “But more than likely I’m just nice to a select few ”
￼
How is you?
Watching mtv 
￼
Aww
You ok?
I’m going to walk over there in 5 minutes, let me know if you want to cancel :(
I’m just feeling terrible still:( I’m also rlly nervous 
If you feel bad, you could come over here and lay in bed and watch tv, we can get something  off door dash, and I’ll promise I’ll be a perfect gentleman.
I want you to be happy. What is best for you?
Do you want me to get us a table?
Please let me know what’s going on?
If your staying home please let me know.
Ok baby, I assume you fell asleep or something
Thank you for what you did give me. I’m sorry I couldn’t be more for you.
Hey babe I did fall asleep 
What’s the plan?
What do you want to do?
I’m sorry I feel really bad 
:( 
I feel really terrible 
I don’t want you to be mad at me 
So you need to stay home then?
I don’t want to but now it feels like I let u down:( 
I want to b someone u can trust too 
I am hurt. I’m sorry but that’s how it feels.
I know :( I’m just sick and I want to have a nice time with you and not feel like this 
Bc ur my favorite person :( I just feel like a terrible human 
Or hurt 
:( I’m shitty 
I am hurt
I know 
That’s why I feel bad (other than physically feeling bad)
can you talk to me pls :(
I don’t know what you want me to say.
Ok 
You’re beautiful, you’re smart, and you’re intuitive. I care a great deal for you
You are my number one priority
I never wanted to let you down or hurt you though 
My heart is crushed :( I hate that I made you feel any bad way 
Order something off my door dash for dinner
no I would feel too terrible 
:( 
Card ending 9062
I’ll b okay I’ll just go grab some veggies at the store and make grilled chicken or something 
Do it. I’m telling you not asking.
I’m sorry I fell asleep :( ive just been workjng so much I haven’t gotten the chance to get better:( 
Get food. 
It will make me angry if you go to the store. I’d rather just be hurt, than hurt and angry.
why:( 
You don’t feel well, don’t go out. Don’t fight me on this. Just order something.
🥺
I wish I could fix this 
I suck 
I’ll order some soup or something 🙃
I’m just hurt that u are hurt 
Hey babe I just got up and my roomie made sweet potato chili I’m just going to eat some of that 
Please talk to me at least 
What’s your roommates name?
Is MTV just the show ridiculous for 24 hours
Kara 
Lol I think it is 
You matter to me. I care about you.
I think about you all the time. I want you to be happy.
I feel so bad now:(
I put blue food coloring in my Vodka
￼
It’s like a tampon commercial up in here
Yeah that’s right I’m using an olive jar as my shit glass
Shot*
I don’t have shot glasses? But I have food coloring? What leads to that series of decisions?
Also Kayla made me pick up all my shit. I just threw a bunch away, it was to hard to move with my leg. My lumps gone but I can’t put that much weight on it.
￼
You asked me to talk Victoria, you going to join in?
Iimp not lumps, lol
Omg that made me laugh out loud 
Sorry my room mate sat down and was talking to me abt some things 
Sounds serious
Pls go to the doctor for meeee
Also no she was just talking abt the holidays 
Why do I still have MTV on?
The tv says I should watch the golden globes 
I hate award shows 
I want you here. I want you to just lay your head on me. And I’ll stroke your hair, and we would watch something on Conner’s netflix. I think he’s half of a gay couple, judging from how their Netflix is set up.
We could watch, Chopped. And make fun of people for makin. Bread pudding every fucking dessert round
￼
￼
I want pudding :(
Order it
There’s cups on prime now
Tansuo has tapioca pudding on door dash
Margaritaville on Door dash has a cocunut bread pudding
Holy shit I love tapioca pudding 
Macaroni grill has a sticky toffee pudding 
Order it
Get your room mate something
Card ending 9062
Omg you’re the best wtf I feel bad 
🥺
I can’t be upset with you, you don’t ask for someone to fall for you so hard. This isn’t your fault. 
I’m just dumb.
I’m sorry, I don’t want to cause you distress.
You didn’t ask*
I know you don’t feel well, but if you feel better send me some pictures tomorrow
I I’m abt to shower babe one moment 
I’m sorry I’m hurt
Loved “I I’m abt to shower babe one moment ”
 don’t be sorry:( 
I guess I should eat
I’m going to order, if you make an order after me pay attention to the address
 Okay :( I’m sorry I’m also really nervous 
What are you nervous about?
zomg this is a deep dish pizza
￼
Look at the price
Homer Simpson Style food lust
￼zomg
I love deep dish pizza omg 
Shit is bomb 
I think I’m going to get the Supreme, and eat it for a week
Do it !! 
After u do it I’m going to order the pudding 
My heart is heavy tho 
You can order now, and get your room mate something
Switch the address, card 9062
I for real spent over 50 dollars on dinner for myself
￼
She left while I was in the shower s/(
:(
Aww
I want to give you the money I earmarked for your insurance. But I don’t think I can give you cash right now. Until you can prioritize me. But you shouldn’t be driving around without car insurance, if you wreck into someone, it could hurt you bad financially. You’d probably have to file bankruptcy just to get out from under it.
Should I drink wine 
Wine is always a good choice
also .. yeah I just have kind of been putting it off it so expensive 
Makes me sad 
I don’t like it.
I wanted to look for a student discount 
￼
Smooch
I do like you
I’m not mad at you
I want you to be happy
I’m so sorry I hurt your feelings 
You know you are special to me too
I need help picking which pudding hehe 
The one you want the most silly
I can’t decide
Sticky sounds good
And coconut 💀
Actually all
Which one would u get 
Sticky
Wait, which ever one isn’t from Margaritaville
I like that guys music, but I don’t trust pirate hippies with food
Lmaooo 
He does an 8 minute song about a bear, that’s good
Jimmy Buffett-God's Own Drunk - YouTube
￼Which one 
Neither what I said but 
Get both
I budgeted like 200 dollars for dinner, I tend to go a little ham, when Sake is in the picture.
I’ve never had it :o 
Last time I had sushi, I think I had 3 bottles of sake, and it was the nice stuff.
how does it taste 
It’s great
This guy has been ike in the parking lot forever
Give me my food, bitch
He’s eating it 
That scoundrel
I really don’t deserve you 
￼
I heard a door close maybe he’s on the way now
Send me a pic of ur pizza 
No one deserves me, I’m a pain in the ass
￼
:( no I mean you’re so nife to me 
￼
No one cares for me like you do not even my family 
￼
Now a sexy pic with pizza sauce 
That totally burned and was not with it
eeee did it happen when you bit it 
Yeah
That’s the worssst
Wish ur fave was in the pic! 
I just put on a shirt for the doordash eprson 
Even tho I have like 20 min hehe 
Goddamn why is my head so big
Can we just agree no poctures of me
Pictures 
nooooo 
Why 
There’s like scars all over me, and I mean I’m just beastly, look at that’ that’s not even my worst tattoo
i have scars too :( I wasn’t going to mention yours they aren’t bad. I wish no one would ever hurt themselves but I have in the past. It really hurts me to see. Makes my soul shiver .want to kiss them 
I have some on my back there like designs and words, I don’t even know what they’re from. Obviously I couldn’t do that to myself. I was a different person before I went through EXT
ECT
Hmm 
That’s crazy 
 The arms I remember
so u don’t know how they got on ur back 
￼
That one I really remember
But no the back ones, I don’t know about
im just confused
Someone else did? 
They had to, I can’t reach back there. Much less make designs and words
ECT level of Dusty friendship unlocked, there are two more levels of Dusty backstory.
Yeah The ECT erased a lot of memories
I don’t think I’d let a dude do it, so it must have been some equally crazy chick
Headsup
Your door dash is near 
They make up this bullshit lie they say, we’re going to do this delicate procedure, it will trigger your brain to release and bathe itself in all the chemicals it’s missing.... then they shock you in the brain with 70 volts and you wake up with like no memory of anything
That’s what fixed you, you can remember like half the shitty things that happened to you
Your better because half of your fucking trauma is erased.
￼
:o 
And the brains fucking funny too. So all those gaps you have, it starts filling the memories over time, not accurate ones. So you remember shit that didn’t happen. It’s called confabulation 
You’re so beautiful Victoria
You have me hook line and sinker 
Why did u ect 
I tried to commit suicide so many times, they decided that was the treatment
That was a long time ago
I’m not even the same person...Like literally. That guy was crazy smart, and a bit violent
I don’t even remember the last time I got angry
im sorry you went through that:( 
We all have to go through stuff. Its just life.
But thank you for your sympathy.
true 
I wish I could’ve been there for you in that time 
🥺
Used on you this time. hah
♥️
Baby, you are the most resplendent being that walks this earth.
I want you to be happy. And I want to be by your side, at least when you’ll have me.
Whoever has hurt you in the past is terrible. You are so kind hearted 
Rawr
 I’m already sleep
I’ll rapid fire take some shots then. I don’t really want to be awake right now without you
I meant sleepy 
But I’ll still b awake for a lil 
💋
￼Here’s a pic of me from the concert :) 
😊
:) 
I’m sooo comfy
￼
Look I think I’m cool
Hehe I like the shirt 
This one time I was on acid, and Miley Cyrus was at cafe coco, and my gf at the time said “That’s Hannah Montana” And I said “I don’t give a fuck who she is, she’s in the way of my beer.” And her boyfriend, moved her out of my way.
Omg !! 
That’s actually so funny 
￼
I’m a pretty girl
Haha who took the pic!!
Samantha I think.
￼I’m a prettier girl
I need a fit like that 
Oh my look what I found
￼
￼
￼
I “found” my old flickr
:o ur back 
Man my weight fluctuates a lot, that can not be a good thing
Sometimes Dusty is Chonky, sometimes not
Mine does too
￼Dusty used to be young and go to things too
I assume that means you’re asleep. Goodnight my queen. I will think of you both waking and sleeping.
Hehe love ur pics 
And I was actually looking at jackets online and appalled and how much they r 
I don’t own a good rain coat and I was struggling lol in the rain the past few days 
Ugggggggghhhhh, I want to send you that money so bad, why it gotta be like this
I don’t like online shopping tho so I’ll just go in person 
Somewhere 
Rawr
You drive me crazy, you can’t be driving around without insurance.
Also I’m just going to spend this money on something stupid
Also somehow despite being the worlds most selfish drug user, you have an adder all over, And I know that’s something I’m going to end up eating.
hehe I forgot abt that 
Waaahhhh
I don’t wanna work tmrw :(
I don’t want you to ever work
it exhausts me:(
Me too
I’m like super aroused right now, cause I went through your pics
I’m always aroused 
Just send me some sexy stuff, and I’ll send you some money baby
I want you to have it anyway
you know I’d send you something anyways 😛
Yeah but you get the money this way at least some of it
hehe let me get up 
It might take me a second ur girl is cozy 
Baby if you could give me a little moan or if I could hear you suckling your finger or something
Whatever you want to do is fine, clearly I’m going crazy from you anyway
baaaaaaaaaaaaaaby
Victoria, I’ve done a lot of soul searching tonight, and you’re great, nothing has changed about that. You’re beautiful, intelligent, and intuitive. You are so many things. Anyone would be lucky to share any part of their life with you. You are absolutely amazing. You deserve the world. But I’m not that for you. You need someone else, and that’s fine. I’m sorry I can’t be the one for you. You deserve some one better. You’ll find them.
It has been a privilege to enjoy your company. I walk away from this, feeling blessed to have experienced your presence. You are and always will be exceptional. 
No what
Dusty 
Really 
I fell asleep I’m so sorry
You are the only person that has brought me comfort and joy 
Please be awake still
My whole day is turned upside down 
You actually had me excited to keep going 
I’m so Sorry I’ve been sick and haven’t been able to give you the attention you need and rest
Deserve 
You make me feel like I’m important and going to get somewhere 
Before I met you it was one of the worst times of my life 
I was finally getting better 
I wont beg for you to stay in my life. Thanks for everything I guess. I guess I’ll figure out something 
I don’t even want to go to work 
My whole day is ruined 
Baby 
It’s fine I’ll leave you alone 
If you think you can make it to see me soon I’m here
im just nervous . 
I know
I only look forward to talking to you 
:( 
Or I mena you’re the only person
I look forward to talking to 
I look forward to you too
Your words drive me
no one treats me like you do 🥺
I love your presence 
I need and want your texts
:( 
I feel terrible abt yesterday
And I woke up and still feel terrible like physically:( my throat is burning and my cough is terrible 
We’ll recover baby
Then come see me
But you wanted to stop talking ;( 
If all I can have is talking, I can’t deal, I need you, to be present too
I value you, you’re amazing
I have to go to a ducking work meeting later 
I’ll get over my anxiety over it
And promise I’ll make it up to you for missing yesterday
But if you can never be physically present, if you can’t be here, 
We’re  not compatible. I’ve told you before, and I don’t know if it’s the issue or not. I don’t want to have a physical encounter when we first meet. 
I know 
Smooch
I need to get some sleep before work.
why didn’t you sleep babe 
Just focus on getting well
Then focus on not being nervous about me
￼￼Mwah babe 
For last night 
Loved an image
Loved an image
Smooch
￼￼
Sleep tight babe 
Y r u so good yo me
Loved “Y r u so good yo me”
Good morning again :) going to work
They let me go early bc we were so slow
Good go rest
Taking a shower
On my way! Back home :) 
My back hurts I don’t want to work today
Is the bed you’re in ok? 
:( 
How are you? Make it home yet?
Yes I changed back into a cozy outfit 
Good, I’m naked, cause fuck it
I wanna b naked but kinda cold 
there r people working on my roof 😭
Also
I love the cold
I like being snuggled up in the cold
Yeah, I make it cold in the room just cause the covers are nice 
Rename The cable channel USA, to “beating up pedophiles” channel
Loved “Rename The cable channel USA, to “beating up pedophiles” channel”
Just noticed school starts in like a week almost 
Well I’m putting in a bill for 56 hours, so that’s a laptop
￼
Pathetic amount of time, but Christmas and all that
You do great don’t diss yourself 
Baby your so beautigul 
Beautiful 
I worked 40 hours this week :( 
Smooch
Glad they let me leave 
Loved “Baby your so beautigul ”
Had to take a minute off work, have a little Victoria moment
Curling my toes fixe my back, weird
Loved “Curling my toes fixe my back, weird”
I might go to the grocery store so I can never leave my house again hehe 
Just need a lil food and tampons 
Let me know when you’re back
Okay :)
I get these stupid urban outfitters alerts now
I was going to take you there after we ate at Sunda
I was worried my leg might act up, but I figured sine it was so close I could fake through the pain if it did.
When my check didn’t hit, the way it was supposed to, before you responded that day, I had a full blown panic attack, cause it wasn’t going to be perfect, and I was sure you wouldn’t talk to me. All my mental stuff was acting up that day. And my brain told me, no one cares about me, and no one ever will. That you would never talk to me again, that I would lose my job . That I wasn’t worth anything anyway. I haven’t had something like that happen in a long time.
The first time I thought, this could be a real relationship. Was when you said 
“We don’t like him”
I was like, she’s telling me my opinion now.
That’s good.
I don’t want u to ever panic 
about what I will think/say
I’m v caring and understanding 
And haha what did I say that abt
Jeffree Star
You said “we don’t like him”
And I immediately made a mental note
I no longer like him
Hahaha 
I didn’t even need to hear your reason. 
What makes you nervous about me?
I know men are terrible
Is it that, is it just hard because I’m an unknown male
Take that just out, that’s loaded language 
Is it because I am an unknown male?
Is it hard to trust me for that reason?
I would understand that.
Men are the worst
I’m nervous about meeting new people period 
I understand that.
What will help?
You just need more time?
I’m probably just being a pussy
Lol, we’ll we’re all pussies some times.
You may not realize it, but you’re the one with the power in this relationship. I know you never make demands or requests. And I think you know I’ll do whatever you want to fill them.
If you were I mean.
Were to
Can’t fucking communicate today
Probably cause I’m working
I’m sorry babe I’m getting some groceries 
No I didn’t mean anything negative to you, I was talking about me, I’ll shut up and let you shop, sorry.
Just let me know when you have time
It’s okay I wasn’t offended babe 
I got too much stuff 
Well I actually needed it all but 
I feel accomplished 
You are accomplished
It’s stupid how often I think of you
U make me smile :) 
I took that adderall, to motivate me to work. It did that but now I’m probably going to spend my whole lunch break doing something stupid.
hehe now ur fast 
Baby does it hurt your opinion of me when I get overtly sexual.
No it doesn’t 
How are you?
I’m good:) just unloaded all this shit 
I wish you were here, while I’m on lunch. I just want to hold you. Be in the moment.
hehe how could u even stay still!!!
Right now I’m a paragon of focus. I can do anything I think about. The bits of bipolar left on me effect my drug experiences profoundly. I get mildly manic if I take a stimulant or an opioid. 
￼
I don’t think I’ve seen this area
Of your house before
My living room hehe 
Suck
I know 
Baby
hi love sorry I’ve been rearranging my room 
I’m bored 
￼
That’s as messy as my hotel room
hahaha it will b clean tho
Tell me something good
Do you like the way I moved stuff around ??  
and I love talking to u🍯
Yeah
I’m trying to finish before I go to this meeting :(
I love talking to you as well. I’m sorry sometimes I talk to much. And I’m sorry that sometimes I say the wrong things. 
I know I’ve probably put you through a bit of emotional stuff.  Im just not handling everything as well as I should.
You have been so understanding, you have been so nice to me, it seems that my behavior can’t affect that. You’re amazing.
I hope your meeting is good. 
￼
Amazing
￼
Oh I got to hear your voice!!!!!!!!
Also you are straight up model sexy in that picture


